generally speaking what type of movies do you watch, I like thrillers a lot., thrillers? for example?, Zodiac's one of my favorite movies., Zodiac the movie about a serial killer from the '60s or '70s, around there., Zodiac? oh wow ok, what do you like about that movie, And I just think serial killers, in general, are interesting, so the movie was really good. And it was just neat to see that world. Like it went really in-depth. It was like almost 3 hours long, so you got to really feel like you were a part of that world and time period. And see what the detectives and the police did and the investigators., so you feel like you were part of that world ?, Yeah. It was really an immersive movie., if you were in the movie what character do you feel most relatable, Probably the main character, Robert Graysmith, just cuz he's awkward and bumbly. So, I guess that's the one I would be the closest to., what scene do you like the best, Probably the most memorable one is the murder at the lake. Just cuz it's really vivid and horrific to watch. But it's very memorable., ok nice, any other similiar movies you have seen recently?, Not that I can think of., how about different type of movies like Once Upon a Deadpool, I haven't seen that., have you heard of that movie, I've heard of it, but I haven't seen it., would you be interested to watch it, Not particularly. I don't really like comic book movies that much. But I really wanted to see Deadpool, so I'd probably be more willing to watch that than most comic book movies., oh what makes deadpool different than the others?, I don't know. It just seems a unique concept and different, not just the standard superhero movie., And it's more of a comedy, so that's unique., ok so you enjoy comedy as well, correct?, Yep, I think most people do., what type of movie you don't enjoy?, I'm not a big action movie fan like Die Hard or like Rambo movies. I don't hate them, I just think they're boring. Like I can't watch a lot of them, or else I get sick of them., what about mission impossible?, Never seen it. I know what it is, but I haven't seen it., do you care who acts in the movie?, Just in general? I'm not I'm not picky about actors. Like I won't see a movie just cuz I don't like the actor in it., oh ok so you dont have a favorite actor is that right, I mean I like certain actors more than others, but I wouldn't say I have a favorite actor., ok who came to your mind when it comes to actors you like to see in the movie, what is your favorite Tom Hanks movie?, Catch Me If You Can, what so great about that movie, It's just an interesting story and it's based on a true story and it's got Leonardo Dicaprio in it, another good actor., do you think that movie is exciting?, Yep., which scene you find most memorable?, It's been a long time since I've seen that movie. I can't think of any specific scene. what kind of movies do you generally like?, Yeah, I mostly like comedy movies., I see. Why do you like that kind of movie?, Well I like that kind of movie because you know, it'll make me laugh, and I often watch movies with my girlfriend, and I want to make sure whatever we watch, it's something we can both enjoy and and relax while watching., That seems really nice. Can you think of a movie you really enjoyed recently?, Yeah, I really enjoyed The Longest Yard with Adam Sandler., What did you like about that movie?, I liked the acting. It's a lot of humor and gags in the movie. It had a good pace, good pacing. The story made sense., Yeah, very funny movie., I see. That's really helpful., Oh great., Now I'd like to know what kinds of movies you dislike if that's okay?, Yeah, sure., Good question. Not really a fan of Hallmark movies, that kind of romantic comedy. Mostly because they typically have pretty bad acting. Yeah, not for me., Why else don't you like those?, Well, I guess another reason would be that the stories are all typically same or very similar. There's no, It's just it's just very boiler plate. There's nothing There's not much new about each new Hallmark movie., I see. They're pretty cookie-cutter it sounds like, That's exactly right., So based on what you told me, I'm curious, did you see Jurassic World?, I have not seen Jurassic World, no., But I saw the original Jurassic Park, What did you think of the original?, I liked the original a lot. Very creative movie. Very ahead of it's time with the computer generated imagery CGI., Yeah, it is it still holds up. It's still is a great movie even compared to anything that that's coming out today., That's great. So if you liked the original would you consider seeing Jurassic World given the option to?, Yeah, I would I would certainly consider it, yes., I don't know too much about it, but I I think I saw the commercial for it. What kinds of movies do you like?, I really like comedy movies., Why do you like comedies?, I love to laugh and comedy movies, that's their whole purpose. Make you laugh., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, I liked Step Brothers., Why did you like that movie?, Had some amazing one-liners that still get used today even though the movie was made awhile ago., Well, is there a movie you did not like?, I don't like RV., Why not?, And I just didn't It was just so slow and boring. I didn't like it., Ok, then have you seen the movie Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, I have seen the movie Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I really like the actors. I feel like they were doing their best to make the movie better. And I just really like the scenery, and the the dinosaurs were awesome. Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, Hello. I like horror movies., can you give two reasons why you like horror movies, I like to feel that inside of you that scares you to death, but you still want to continue watching the movie. I like when I feel goosies all over my arms, you know? That's the reason why I like it., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Saw, What are the 2 reasons you like Saw?, Because it was sad, it was a horror movie and it was like playing a game, you want to play a game with me and they will catch people and put them in a home let's say in a house and they will lock them and they need to find the way to leave. But in order to leave a place they will have to end up dead., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, But I do like all the movies., Surely, there must be one movie you can't stand or thought was poorly done, Let me think., Well, I don't know. Emily Rose, maybe. Emily Rose., What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, It was fake. You could tell that it was poorly made, and I didn't get scared at all., Do you like the movie Aliens?, I have not watched that movie., What about Hunger Games?, I have not watched that movie, either., How about the Matrix?, I did watch it., How did you feel about it?, kind of cool, but not my cup of tea., What 2 things were kinda cool about it?, Do you like the movie Dunkirk?, I have not watched that movie., How about Wonder Woman?, Oh yeah. I watched that movie., How did you feel about it?, I loved it because it was a woman, the powerful one in the movie, finally. And it's always just the guy doing everything, you know what I'm saying?, One last question.... what 2 other things do you like about the movie in particular?, She was very beautiful, her hair was amazing., anything about the plot that you like?, The way she will fight it was interesting. What kind of movies are you drawn to?, I am drawn to romances., Have you seen Fifty Shade of Grey?, I have not., I know of it very well, but I have not seen it., What was a movie that you last watched that surprised you?, Maybe White House Down was surprising for me., What made you like the movie?, I didn't go into it with high expectations at all. I thought it was just going to be I don't know, a lot of blowing up, pretty dumb, but was it It was I think when I watched it, it was summer day or summer night where almost nothing seemed to be on cable, and I was just looking for something to watch, and I thought, oh, okay, it stars Channing Tatum. I'll watch that. Or I'll turn to that. I probably won't be there for too long. It ended up being a ton of fun., It was like a new version of Die Hard. They had a lot of fun with the movie. And despite it being like unrealistic and they're blowing things up, it was great. It was just a really fun hour and a half., Have you seen Dawn of the Planet of the Apes?, No., Have you seen Avatar?, Yeah., What didnt you like about that movie?, You know, epics like that are a hard sell for me. It's very long. I wasn't nearly as charmed by the blue people that they were that most other people were. I don't know. It seemed to be lacking in finesse and It just seemed very over the top. It really did seem like an event movie, and maybe if I had seen it in the theater, I would have sort of fallen in love with it like other people did, but, It just It was underwhelming. The direction wasn't nearly as good as I thought it was going to be and I just thought it was going to be something more exciting and more appealing that it ended up being for me., Have you seen John Wick?, No, but I know I know what that movie is, yeah., Have you seen Halloween?, I mean, sure., What do you like about the Halloween movies?, I don't like the Halloween movies. I don't like scary movies. So, when I watched that that was just like at a party with friends. And that's what they wanted to watch. I just don't enjoy scaring myself like that. So, the first Halloween the one that originally has Jamie Curtis from back in the day, that is a much better movie than the other Halloweens were. But, I still They are still not my favorite. Too scary., and outside of the first one. And apparently I ha I haven't seen up the most recent one that is sort of a direct sequel to the first one. Those That is a lot of gore, a lot of blood, a lot of trying to scare and not a lot of story line in movie., Thank you for your input, have a great day!, Thank you, too. hello. What type of movies do you like?, I usually like action drama movies., what do you like about those genres?, Well, I like watching fast paced movies and I also like watching movies that have well developed story lines and characters., okay. so do you like movies like star wars?, Yeah, so I like movies like Star Wars., what do you like about movies like that?, Movies like that tend to have very well developed universes, lots of characters, lots going on, lots to do with the story., What type of movies do you not like?, I'm not too big on comedy movies., why is that?, I feel that the humor in comedy tends to be -- mostly a miss with me when i watch them in movies. They tend to be very topical humor. Mostly humor that just doesn't appeal to my interests., what type of humor do you prefer?, I usually prefer dark humor and humor that's kind of well thought out, well developed., Do you like movies like Good Will Hunting?, Yes, I like movies like Good Will Hunting., what do you like about movies similar to good will hunting?, Movies like that tend to have humor that's very witty and sharp., okay. thanks for your help Do you like movies like Star Wars; or Trainwreck or Spotlight, I like movies like Spotlight, so I'm looking for something that's meaningful like a good Spotlight kind of a movie., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like the most?, The connection between being young, gay and black., Can you say a little more about that please?, I like that it highlights being African American and what it means to be gay and like all the hardships that go along with that because of it., Anything about this type of movie that you dislike?, It's too short. I want it to be longer maybe some comedy inside of it also., Do you like movies like Star Wars; or........... Trainwreck?, Star Wars, Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, It's action-packed, and it deals with like a lot of science fiction, but also like reality., Is there anything about this type of movie that you dislike?, It's really high budget. It could be a little bit less budget. It could be a little bit slower paced, but it's really fast., have a you seen Trainwreck? if so did you like it ?, Yes, that was really funny., Pretty cool., what is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like the actors, and I like that there's conversations between the main characters and the slot part of the characters, and that it's just like a cool funny movie and relates to everyone., anything else?, That's all., Ok. Anything about this type of movie that you dislike?, Not really. I mean it's short, it could be longer, it could be more people of color inside of the movie but that's about it., Alright. Thank you for the information. What type of movies do you like?, I like comedies a lot., OK. Great. Why do you like comedies?, I like the I like to laugh. I like the lighthearted nature of comedies. They kind of make you happy. There's nothing depressing about them. So you're always in a good mood after you watch them., Interesting, what is your favorite movie ?, Probably The First Wives Club., What is it about this type of movie that you like?, This movie is The cast is superb and about It's perfect as it gets for what they were going for. It's very original and just hilarious. You kind of don't know what's going to happen from moment to moment as they try to get revenge and rebuild their lives but it's a lot of fun and just You laugh throughout the entire movie., Well, have you seen Bridesmaids?, I have., Can you say why you like that type of movie?, Sure. Bridesmaids Actually, not too dissimilar in terms of what it's going for with First Wives Club, that was a really funny movie with a great cast, and it was doing things a little bit differently in that it was sort of like laugh out loud, bawdy comedy, but all starring all women, which was new at the time. So But it's It's a great movie with a The writing is great. Very funny., But, also pretty original which was nice. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like a romantic comedies., What about romantic comedy do you like?, I like when it makes me laugh, and also the romance story line. I like movies with a happy ever after., Awesome, Can you name a romantic comedy that you liked?, I liked Bridesmaids., And, why did you like Bridesmaids?, It was funny and there was also some romance in it, so it was perfect., OK, well how about a movie you did not like?, I didn't really like Crazy Stupid Love., What about these kinds of movie did you not like?, It was just a bit boring and not very funny., alright, have you seen To All the Boys I've Loved Before, Yes, I've seen it., What is it about this movie did you like?, I thought that the actors were very good and it was interesting. Had a good storyline, and it was really romantic but also funny in parts. I'd like to discuss your movie preferences., Okay. I generally prefer comedies., what do you like about comedies?, nice, so you think they are good distractions?, Yeah. Yeah. In moderation, they are., can you name a comedy that you really liked?, Yeah, Superbad., what did you like about it?, I like the acting the actors that were in it., what kind of movies you dislike?, Let's say action movies., Just because they're typically a little too over the top for me until I become immersed in it., can you name a movie that you did not like?, Not off the top of my head., have you seen the grinch?, Yeah, like years and years ago., did you like it?, I liked it at the time. I definitely liked it., what did you like about this movie?, That was funny. I'm pretty sure it was the one with Jim Carrey in it. He played the good Grinch. What type of movies do you enjoy?, From time to time, I really like to watch some indie films., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They usually have off pitch stories and interesting characters. So, it's kind of off the beaten path., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, One that comes to mind is Oldboy., What did you like about this movie?, It was really It was really crazy. I mean, just there's a lot of crazy things that happen in it. And the you know It was just a really intriguing story., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Yeah, I'm not a huge fun of of live action family movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, They're usually just too silly for me to take seriously. I You know, the plots are usually one-dimensional., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, A movie that I heavily dislike? Let me think for a minute. I think something like, Like Beauty and the Beast., What do you dislike about this movie?, I I thought it was not a good remake of the original animation. I thought the I thought the It just uses so much CG that it just might as well be animated. And if you're going to animate it, you may as well watch the original movie., Have you seen Murder on the Orient Express, I have not seen that, but I have heard of it., Have you seen The Matrix, Yeah, I've definitely seen The Matrix., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, When I originally saw it, I really liked the kind of the world the world-building that was created. Like like, you know, there's this whole world beneath our world. There's the whole matrix, right? There's reality, and then there's the matrix. I really liked how they explored that topic., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! What type of movies do you enjoy?, action, Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Yes, there's many actually., I like The Day After Tomorrow, What did you like about this movie?, It was suspenseful, had a lot of action in it, a lot of death. It was dark., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Yes, I'm not into Disney movies per say., Kid movies, I don't like., What about these movies is unappealing?, For me at my age they're kind of boring., They don't relate to me., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Yeah The Lion King, I don't like that movie. boring, What do you dislike about this movie?, Boring., Have you seen the shawshank redemption, I have., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I enjoyed that movie about an innocent man that goes to prison., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! Do you like movies like The Hunger Games?, Yes, I do., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like that it has a lot of action., so do you like action movies like jason bourne?, I do like action movies. I'm actually not a huge fan of the the Bourne series., Ok. What is it about this type of series that you dislike?, I think I actually dislike kind of the seriousness of them, and also they're really long, and they tend to have a lot of aspects to them that if you're not paying super close attention to, you kind of miss them. Like they're They're kind of movies that you have to watch a few times to actually get them., Do you like movies like Thor?, Yes, I love Thor., have you seen the newest avengers movie?, I have, yeah. Infinity Wars was awesome., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like that there's a lot of powers and fantasy., ok. thank you what are some movie genres that you like?, I really enjoy animated movies, romantic comedies, and thrillers., why romantic comedies?, They usually tend to be feel-good type movies with happy endings, and I really like a happy ending., What is one of your favorite movies?, Pretty Woman, what did you like about that movie?, I really liked the comedy factor, and I think the chemistry between Richard Gere and Julia Roberts was just spot on. The writing was excellent. And I just think the movie was all around outstanding. I I just think it was really well made., What type of movies do you not like?, science fiction movies, the the superhero movies types like that, have you seen the movie Love Actually?, I don't think I have., Who's in that one?, let me check, Great., Starring Hugh Grant Liam Neeson Colin Firth, No. You know what, I haven't seen that one., what about 500 Days of Summer?, No. I haven't seen that one., what about the holiday?, Yes, I've seen that one. That's a good one., What did you like about this kind of movie?, What did you like about, I really liked the all-star cast in it, and instead of there being one star, it was an ensemble cast. I really enjoyed that., have you seen 13 going on 30?, Yes, really cute movie., what else did u like about this kind of movie?, I liked that it was like a fantasy but not too farfetched. It was It was really cute. And I think Jennifer Garner is the perfect actress to have played the part of the lead because her humor just really fit well with this type of movie, and I just thought it was really just really cute and enjoyable., okay. thank you, Sure. Thanks a lot. What kind of movies do you like?, action movies., What kind of action movies do you like?, Hunger Games, What do you like about Hunger Games?, The live action of it and the storytelling, and just how it's just like out of this world. It's kind of my favorite genre, and I love it., What about X-Men: Apocalypse?, Yeah, loved that. It's one of my favorites. Live action is so fun., What about The Spy Who Dumped Me?, Yep, love that one, too. I like that it's funny, and it's cool, and I would see that, definitely., Have you seen Halloween?, I haven't seen it yet, but I want to., What kind of movies are you not looking for?, I don't want see any romance movies. That's not my good type of movies. I hate romantic comedies., What do you dislike about Romantic Comedies?, I'm single, and it makes me depressed, and I just don't think it's a realistic expectation of what's really going to go on in the world., Thank you for your input, have a nice day, Thank you. What kinds of movies do you like?, I really like romance movies., Well, tell me why do you like romance movies?, Just really pulls at my heart strings and, you know, makes me wish sometimes I can be in that situation., cool, what is your favorite movie?, My favorite movie would probably be sunshine and the eternal mind., alright, Why is that your favorite movie?, It's just a roller coaster of emotions, and the story's great. And just get to experience a lot of emotions throughout the movie., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I really don't like 50 First Dates., oh, Why not?, It just felt really repetitive. Like experiencing the same day every day. Just There wasn't really anything new, and I just felt bad for the main character., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Spy Who Dumped Me, I have not., have you heard of it?, I have not., I have heard of it, but I have not seen it., Then surely you have seen Logan, Yes, I have. Logan is a great movie., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, Well, I was hoping there wasn't any romance, but it was a really heartfelt story and sad in the end, and I really liked the character development they went through., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. Tell me what type of movies you like., I like horror movies, especially supernatural horror., Would you care to elaborate about that genre?, I like horror, but I don't like slasher types or anything with a natural enemy. I like ghosts, hauntings, that type of thing., Perfect! Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, The Ring, the Japanese version., And could you tell me about why you like the ring?, It really reinvigorated the horror genre at a time when horror was stale. It introduced to the entire world the Asian aesthetic of making horror movies, and it fits the supernatural part that I like in horror., Thanks! Is there anything else about that type of genre you really like?, No, not that I can think of., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, Saving Christmas, And again, what exactly didn't you like about that one?, Everything about it was terrible. The cinematography was terrible, the script was horrible, and the acting was just completely awful., So would you enjoy a movie like Spider-Man: Homecoming ?, I would mildly enjoy it. It's not my favorite genre, but it's fun to watch., thanks..., and how about, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, I enjoyed it. It was an entertaining movie, but once again not my favorite genre., let's see, can we try one more movie?, Sure., Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, I have no interest in Harry Potter, but that's more specifically about Harry Potter as a franchise, and not the genre., oh ok... so the genre is ok?, Yes., anything good or not good about that genre?, The genre itself is fine. There's nothing I particularly dislike about it., Ok thanks so much for your feedback Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, Deadpool, What is it about this kind of movie that you like?, It's funny. It's got some cool action and effects, and I really like all the actors in it., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, The Last Airbender, What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, Well, the acting is not good, the effects aren't great, and it pretty much butchers a very long TV series., What else?, There were a lot of plot holes, and even the music wasn't great, and there were some like really stupid moments that didn't make any sense., Have you watched the movie Aliens ?, Yes., did you like it or dislike it, I liked it., What is it about this kind of movie that you like the most?, The atmosphere is really cool its like claustrophobic and there's sorts of broken down machinery everywhere and the overall design., what else?, The actors are really good in it and everyone seems like they are genuinely framed while also been reacting realistically., Anything about this kind of movie that you dislike ?, It can be a little slow paces, I guess., Alright. next. Have you watched the movie Whiplash ?, No., what about Dunkirk, No., how about The Shape of Water, No., The Heist, No., Spotlight, No., Goodfellas, No., what about Jason Bourne, Yes., did you like the movie Jason Bourne?, Yeah, I guess., What is it about this kind of movie that you like the most?, The action is a lot of fun, and the cinematography helps the action seem a lot bigger and more fun., Anything about this kind of movie that you dislike ?, There tends to be quite a bit of pot holes, and the story can get a little bit on the silly side., Alright. Thank you for the information. what kind of movies do you like?, I love comedies. They're fantastic. I love to laugh., what do you like about them?, That I can laugh with my family, and they I can really share beautiful moments with them., Comedies bring people together and make them laugh., can you name a movie that you liked?, The Waterboy was fantastic. I always loved The Waterboy., what did you like about it?, Adam Sandler was hilarious, and there was just Yeah, there was moments in that movie that just always make me just die laughing., Adam Sandler was the best part., It was a classic., nice. how about the kinds of movies that you dislike?, I hate Twilight, and I don't like overly-dramatic romantic movies., what do you dislike about them?, That they are overly dramatic and unrealistic and that they are they exaggerate emotions, and they like twilight with some mean they are just focused on playing on female's emotions., have you seen the matrix?, Yes, Matrix was awesome., what did you like about it?, It had some of the most famous and innovative special effects up in that to that time. The gun scenes, and the the slow-motion bullets was awesome. Is there a specific type of movie that you like?, science fiction, What sci fi title is one that you like?, Blade Runner, What interests you about science fiction and this movie in particular, The psychological aspects and the cinematography., I see, have you see Ender's Game?, No., This might be one that interests you, Okay, thank you., Are there any type of movies that you dislike?, I don't like romantic comedies., What do you find uninteresting about Romantic comedies?, They are very formulaic, have the same sorts of characters and boring plots., So nothing creative and bland writing, is there a specific title that you extremely dislike?, No, not in specific., Have you seen the movie Arrival?, Yes., Did you like that movie?, Yes, I did., What did you enjoy about it?, I liked the narrative, I liked that it didn't pull punches and didn't have unnecessary action scenes, I thought it was very psychological and well constructed., I can definitely see the appeal in those characteristics Can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like comedy movies., I like comedy movies because they make me laugh. They are enjoyable to watch, interesting characters in it, the joking inside the movies. Yeah, that's why., ok, can you name a movie you really liked?, Dumb and Dumber, why do you like that movie?, Because I like the plot. I like I like the way they that they that they're chasing the girl. And they pull they pull pranks on each other and just to get the girl to like them. I like I like how there is suspense in the movie. Like at the end, there's a bad guy that shows up with a gun and and tries to tries to take the money and just, just an interesting movie, ok, can you tell me about a movie you dislike?, A movie that I dislike? Project X., ok, why didn't you like that movie?, There was nudity in the movie and it didn't really explain why people were taking off their shirts why girls were taking off their shirts just, Just a bad plot., ok, can you tell me have you seen the movie coco?, No, I haven't seen it., ok, have you seen the predator?, There's action in it, there's there's gore, there's there's killings, there's violence., and did you like that?, I didn't like it. I don't like science fiction movies., ok, thank you for your responses, have a nice day What kind of movies do you normally watch?, I really like romantic comedies, dramas, adventures, and mysteries., What makes you like Rom Com movies?, I don't know if I really like comedy, and I like the romance aspect of it., I guess on top of romantic comedies, just romance movies, too., Have you seen The Shape of Water?, No, I haven't., What Genre of movies do you stay away from?, Syfy and animation, What makes you not like Animated movies?, I just I can't I don't really get into the story. I just They just don't interest me. Like there's no real plot and, I don't know. I'm so bored by them., What was a movie that you last watched that was disappointing?, Let's see. I would say, Captain Underpants, What didnt you like about that movie?, It was just really uninteresting and ridiculous and hard to follow., Have you seen The Incredibles?, Yes, but not the second one. I really liked The Incredibles. That's like one of the few animated movies that I've liked., What made you enjoy it so much?, The story. I liked the idea of Mr. and Mrs. Incredible being a husband and wife team, and that they were superheroes. I liked the whole family dynamic in the story., Have you seen Ant Man?, No, I haven't. What type of movies do you like?, I really like romantic movies like Hallmark Movies., why is that?, Well, I just I just love the love stories, and I like movies that have a happy ending. And there's not too much violence or or drugs. Or bad things like that., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like violent movies and I don't like movies about gangs or criminals or just bad things., What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies was probably Oh gosh. What was it called?, It was called Love on the Sidelines, and now it's a really good Hallmark movie., have you watch the movie The Matrix?, Yes, I have seen The Matrix., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, That movie was okay, but it was too violent and, Yeah, not really much romance., what about the movie Love Actually?, Yeah, I have seen that., What did you like about this kind of movie?, Oh, it has everything that I like. It has a great love story, nothing X rated or R rated. Just a a good movie with some some drama but a a nice happy ending., okay. thank you, Thank you. What kinds of movies do you like?, I I like dramas, like historical dramas., why do you like this type of movie?, Cuz it allows me to learn something that I wouldn't have known in previous. I love to learn anything that I can., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I love, X-Men, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like how it parallels reality to fantasy. Also, I like the graphics of it. The design is superb, and it just makes me laugh., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I don't like Suicide Squad., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., It was poorly managed as far as timing and then the plot did not make sense. I also did not like the line design of the movie altogether., Do you like the movie Batman Begins?, No., Have you heard of this movie?, Yes., Would you go see it?, I know., Do you like the movie Finding Nemo?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I like I like graphics. I like the message. I like the general consistency of it., Do you like the movie Star Wars: The Force Awakens?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I like the I like the plot and I like the direction. I like how it gives you something to feel, but also lets you be imaginative in the fairy tale aspect of it., And it's just like a fun movie that's really cool to escape the realities of the world., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., Thank you. What type of movies do you like?, I really like romantic comedies., Why do you enjoy about them?, They are sort of happy movies. They're funny. There's a happy ending. So you laugh. It's sort of lighter in tone. So it's very easy to watch. They're very enjoyable., Is there a specific movie that you liked from this genre?, Yes, like The Holiday is one of my favorites., What did you like about it?, It is has a fantastic cast first of all, and great writing, and it is endearing yet funny. Has different parts that you're not expecting and just really likable characters and you just sort of fall in love with the the scenery is fantastic, the characters are so likable you just you just take it away and you love the characters and let them be happy at the end., I can definitely understand the appeal of that, is there any specific type of movie that you don't like?, I really don't like horror movies. Like scary movies., Why is that?, I don't They Basically, I'm a scaredy cat and they just scare me. I don't want to help myself have nightmares., Is there a horror movie that you really dislike?, Horror movie that I mean, for the most part I just don't watch them., Like Halloween is a no go., I can see why, it is a terrifying movie!, Exactly., Have you seen Mamma Mia?, No, I have not., How about Bridesmaid?, Sure, that's a great movie., What did you like or dislike about this movie?, Bridesmaids has a fantastic cast and it is very funny writing but even though they're sort of They got more attention for to laugh out loud and sort of shocking moments. It also has more sort of quiet moments that are really funny. Like you have to You might be miss the first time around. It just really works. It's a It's a really funny movie and unexpected. It was pretty original at the time., to have that kind of that kind of comedy and starring all women., Most definitely thank you for that!, Until next time What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedies and dramas., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, I like comedies because they are not too serious and I like dramas for their suspense and adventure in them., Can you name a particular movie you like?, I like the movie White Chicks., It's about two agents who are black, and they dress up in disguise as two white girls to try to solve a mystery., It's a comedy., I see. What did you like about that?, It was pretty much just stupid and hilarious., Gotcha. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I didn't like Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull., how come?, I thought the ending was unrealistic and ruined the rest of the movie for me., I see. How do you feel about Sci Fi?, Sometimes I like it., Did you like the Matrix?, It was all right., can you elaborate on that?, It was something that I watched and it's not that I didn't enjoy it, but I wouldn't pick it out as a movie to watch in my free time., have good one what are some type of movies that you like?, I like dramas, I like romantic comedies., why do you like dramas?, Because I find them really interesting, and I really get absorbed in the plot., What is one of your favorite movies?, I love the movie Top Gun. I also love the movie Con Air., what did you like about those types of movies?, They had me on the edge of my seat. I thought the acting was incredible. There was a lot of action and there was always something going on., ok. Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, I'm just trying to think of a movie I did not like., I didn't like Avengers., I also don't like Star Wars or Star Trek., is it because they have a lot of films in their series?, I just think that they are overrated and too unrealistic. I just don't really care for Sci-Fi I guess., have you heard of the movie The Grinch?, Yes, I have., what did you like about this kind of movie?, And I have not seen The Grinch, but I think it would be funny. I've just heard of it., what about the movie Forrest Gump?, Oh, I loved Forrest Gump., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I just thought that there was a lot going on all the time. It was funny, but there It was also emotional. I I really like the story line. There was something to it., okay. thank you, Until next time what kind of movies do you like?, i like thriller. I like horror movies a lot. I liked Psycho. I liked American Psycho. I liked the chainsaw massacre series., what do you like about these movies?, They are fun, you know? They're They're good time, they're a great day. Yeah, I mean they're just, what kind of movies do you dislike?, Yeah, I don't like, I don't I would say bad movies. I don't like anything with a bad critical review I don't like. I But I I don't like bad critically reviewed movies., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, didn't like, The Simpsons Movie I didn't like., what did you dislike about it?, Didn't like the acting, I thought the plot was kind of old and stale., have you seen Deadpool?, No., how about The Matrix?, I haven't seen either of those films. Hi., hello. What type of movies do you like?, I like superhero movies and some of the action movies, not all of them, but really seen a lot of superhero movies lately., Science fiction's good, too., so do you like movies like the avengers?, Oh, yeah. Last one was really good. The second Avengers, It was It was okay, but it wasn't as good as the first one or the last one., And I can't wait for the next one next year., that's true. the last one had a good ending, Yeah, kind of makes you know want to hardly wait to see the next one., very true. Why do you like those types of genres?, Well, because they're so really well done. The casting is really good and I have read a lot of those com books when I was growing up, and the casting for all those has been very good so far., They are just fun movies to watch and, I don't know. It's just quality. I haven't seen a really really bad one yet., And I've seen most of them., Do you like movies like Star Wars?, Yeah, I like Star Wars. I even like that Han Solo story that a lot of people didn't like., I've seen all those, too., and, They're just almost as good as Well, most of those are as good, except for the second trilogy. The Those movies are almost as good as the superhero movies., What type of movies do you not like?, I'm not a big fan of horror movies. Not because they're scary, just cuz I don't I'm not a fan of the genre. It's not, I don't know, it just doesn't, Its not my idea of a good time, most of those movies I have seen a few but I don't usually, If have seen them, it's usually been not in the theaters, on DVDs., I just don't really enjoy them., is it because the plot isn't that good?, A lot of times, plus a lot of it's already been done. A lot of it's just rehashing stuff that's been done. You know, it's like movie number eight or movie number nine or something you know, something crazy. I don't know. I mean, I've seen some of the early ones., But, I'm just not a fan of the stuff that's coming out now., that's true. a lot of the same stories, okay. thanks for your help., you're welcome What types of movies do you usually see?, war movies, any other types?, action movies, Give me one of your top 5 movies, Saving Private Ryan also like Marvels, Can't even think here., Spider-Man Batman, Great. Why did you like it?, Why do I like it? It's the, They're box offices. They're nice movies., Is there something specific you liked?, Well I like Saving Private Ryan. I mean, the best That's like one of my best movies because it really depicts World War II, and it's very action-packed., The actress did a good job and the sceneries and everything are really authentic. That's about it., Got it. Now can you give me an awful movie?, An awful movie, Fifty shaded gray or something, whatever the name., Why you didn’t you like it?, Fifty Shades of Grey or something, yeah, that's a awful movie. Well, it was because it's boring. I mean, there's no action. It's just drama movie. I I don't like watching dramas., Okay. Have you seen Ant Man?, Yeah, I've seen Ant-Man. I've seen part one. I've seen part two. Pretty good movie., what about it did you like?, A lot of characters from It's a lot of characters from X-Men, from Marvels., Okay, so have you seen Skyscraper?, Yeah, I've seen Skyscraper. It's an all right movie. I didn't really enjoy it much., why not?, Well, I mean I like The Rock, you know, he always make pretty good movies, but I just didn't like the story in the Skyscraper. It's kinda lame., Got it. Is there anything else that came to mind about this kind of movie?, Not really., okay. thank you for your time., Bye. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like musicals and horror movies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, Usually, the music and the songs, but sometimes the suspense., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Xanadu, What did you like about this movie?, It had really good actors and I liked the music., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Some horror movies, some drama and action., What about these movies is unappealing?, Usually they're kind of boring., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, The Exorcist, What do you dislike about this movie?, I don't like how anxious it makes me., Have you seen shawshank redemption, No., Have you seen o brother where art thou?, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I really liked the way they changed all of the colors in the movie to look kind of old., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! What kind of movies do you watch?, Well, I like comedies, dramas, fantasy movies, the action adventure., things like that, What was the last movie that you watched that you enjoyed?, One of last movies I watched that I enjoyed was Black Panther., What did you like the most about that movie?, I liked that it had a largely African-American cast, and I like the story line., What about a movie that you didn't enjoy?, I did not enjoy the movie Cars from Disney., What was disappointing about that movie?, I thought the story line was kind of silly, and I don't think it's one of the best films that has come from that studio., Have you seen Mad Max: Fury Road?, I have not seen that movie., Have you seen The Predator, No, that movie does not sound familiar., Have you see The Shape of Water?, Yes, I have seen that movie., What did you like about that movie?, I enjoyed the storyline. I thought the acting was excellent and it was a very emotionally moving film., Thank you for your input, have a great day, Thank you. You, too. What kind of movies do you like?, I really like, romantic comedies, Why do you like rom coms?, Rom coms make me happy. They put me in a position of like pure bliss, and I don't have to think about the bad stuff that's going on in the world., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Maid in Manhattan, What did you like about Maid in Manhattan?, I love Jennifer Lopez, and I just like the comedy of it, and it just reminded me that if you believe in love, anything can happen, just keep the faith., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I did not like The Wedding Singer., How come you did not like the wedding singer?, It was boring, I don't I didn't find it realistic, I didn't find the people in it attractive and the writing was bad., I see. Did you like bridesmaids?, Yes, I liked Bridesmaids. That was a good one., awesome. Thanks for the input today, Thank you. what kind of movies do u like, I really like movies in a science fiction setting. Or fantasy are my favorites., can u name a particular movie that fits that category that you liked, and some qualities about it that you liked, The Matrix, for one, has a bit of action but in a futuristic-type setting., and with well-developed characters., thanks for describing that. and could u tell me about a movie that fits that category but you didn't like, Let me think., I would say the first Alien., what didn't you like about it, The pacing was slow. They try to make it into a horror flack instead of a syfy flaking., The robotics and stuff weren't that good in my opinion., I think its an overrated movie., thanks for sharing. have you seen guardian of the galaxy?, The first one, yes. Do you like movies like The Hunger Games?, I do. I do like The Hunger Games., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, it's complex but it's very well done., Can you say a little more about that please?, Sure. It's not a simple movie. You've to pay attention in order to follow what's going on but movies like The Hunger Games it's very it's done very well. It's a high quality movie so it really pulls off transferring what's in the book on to screen., Do you like movies like Good Will Hunting?, I love Good Will Hunting., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well, the acting is fantastic like bow down fantastic across the board. And it's a touching story, it has some sort of sort of like a coming of age feel to it in some ways, very original, but also it has it's very serious. Many times it's it has a true impact on the characters lives, but definitely plenty of moments to laugh and laugh at it even though it's more, so plenty of moments to sort of enjoy what's going on and not just have it be a serious tale of a transformation of a character., Can you say a little more about that please?, Sure like there's like famous lines from the movie and most of those famous lines they're comedic lines. Like how about them apples, and you know I went to go see you know he stole my line, I went to go see about a girl those are the lighter moments of the film. They don't really have much to do with truly really what happens in the film, but they're memorable and they're really fun parts of the film that were made the balance of the film, Do you like movies like The Help?, Not really., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, Well, the acting is very good, but for me,, I have very little interest about the sort of white people writing about you know, black people who you know, uplifting stories and you know, oh how we helped the how oh us you know, do-gooding white people helped these small black people succeed, and that kind of thing. Not my thing at all. Definitely not something I think do I need to be sitting around for 2 hours watching., Can you say a little more about that please?, Sure I'm black., I don't need to sit through a movie explaining how white people help black people get out of poverty or servant roles or anything like that. I don't need to watch The Help. My great-grandparents lived The Help. I don't need to watch a movie by white people about The Help., Thank you for your most insightful critique. Have a nice weekend. hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, Usually I like action movies or romantic comedies. I tend to really enjoy love stories., OK. Great. Why do you like romantic comedies?, Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Avatar and, Seeking a Friend for the End of the World had to be my two favorite movies., why is avatar one of your favorite movies?, What about you?, my favorite movie is a walk to remember, What is that movie about?, it's about a delinquent boy who falls in love with a good girl, That sounds pretty cute, especially if he actually turns good for her for her falling for him, and then he just stays the same., yeah, it was a good movie, a classic, What year was that movie made?, 2002, Do you know the average rating of that movie?, 7.4/10, I actually may watch that myself., What type of movies do you not like?, Ah., The movies I usually don't like have to be the movies that end and don't have a point., Or they Or it felt like it ended too early. There are some movies that try to be artsy and they're pointless, but they're not funny pointless like Seinfeld. They're just pointless, and they're trying to take snippets of life, and it feels like it's just wasting my time or it did waste 2 hours of my time., i see. do you like movies like bridesmaids?, I actually never heard of Bridesmaids, could you tell me about it?, sure, Are you going to tell me anything about it?, Annie is a single woman whose own life is a mess, but when she learns that her lifelong best friend, Lillian (), is engaged, she has no choice but to serve as the maid of honor., That sounds like a new like a movie for middle-aged women., okay. thank you, Talk to you next time What kind of movies do you enjoy?, I like most movies, but I really like movies that are based on true stories., Is there a specific reason why?, I think it's just easier to get invested in the story when you know it's at least partially true, whereas if it's all fiction Like I like fiction movies, but if they're true, it's easier to believe it cuz it actually happened., I can definitely understand that, Is there a specific movie that you enjoy?, I really like Zodiac. That's one of my favorite movie., That was a great movie, what did you enjoy about it?, I just really like true crime, and it's a really good movie. It's probably the best true crime movie I've ever seen, and it's just really interesting, and Jake Gyllenhaal's really a good actor in it., A lot of people do enjoy his acting. Are there any types of movies that you dislike?, I don't really like romantic comedies that much., Is there a reason why?, I just think they all feel the same, like they're all very cliched., I see, you feel like they all follow the same formula. Is there a specific movie that you don't enjoy?, Yep., Probably the worst movie I've ever seen was The Adventures of Pluto Nash. I don't think there's any movie that's worse than that., That is a pretty bad movie and a lot of people mutually agree on that. Is there one big reason why you don't enjoy it?, I mean it's not a funny movie. Meant to be a comedy, but I saw it when I was like 10. I didn't laugh once. If you can't make a 10-year-old laugh, then you got problem., That is funny, and I can agree with that. Have you seen the movie Tag?, Nope. I have not., How about a Star is born?, No. I haven't that either., John Wick 2?, Nope, haven't seen it. What type of movies do you enjoy?, comedy movies, What appeals to you with these type of movies?, Well, they don't have to have a sensible plotline usually, and they make me laugh., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, [inaudible], What did you like about this movie?, I just thought it was funny overall., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't like drama., What about these movies is unappealing?, Well, I have enough drama in my life as it is, and I just don't like the thought of thinking about other people's problems. Not superficial, you know, the cliche problems in drama, Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I can't think of any at the moment., Have you seen Stepbrothers, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I thought the lead actors, Will Ferrell and I don't know what the other guy's name is I think that they are a good combination. So, I liked just because of that., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! What type of movies do you enjoy?, I enjoy all kinds, but I really like you know, superhero movies, action movies, stuff like that., What do you enjoy about them?, The action and the characters, you know, civil era movies is kind self explanatory, but I kind of like the villains too sometimes especially if it's a good actor play and a good villain and, you know, just like regular action movies. If there's a good character if it's fun, you know, not somebody that just kills a lot of people, but somebody that, you know, is fun to watch kind of like Bruce Willis, The Die Hard movies or Stallone in pretty much anything, action movie he's been in, or Schwarzenegger, you know, with the quippy phrases, like in Terminator., I can definitely see the appeal in that, What specific movie from that genre do you enjoy?, Well, I like the new the Marvel movies are really good probably the best of the superhero ones at least so far. Just regular action movies I kind of like I kind of like the old ones the fun ones with Schwarzenegger and, you know, like the Terminator movies and the Rambo movies were all good. The older ones not the not the last one and they got one kind of out soon. I don't know what it'll be, You know I just this kinds of movies., What did you like about those movies?, Well, you didn't have to really think about what was going on. It was Usually you know, I mean, they're all kind of the same plot, except for the superhero movies. But the action movies, they're all kind of the same plot. It's like You know, some kind of crazy thing happens, and then they have to go on a rampage and kill a bunch of people. The superhero movies though, I like those because the plots are so intricate nowadays. It's not like You know, like the early Superman movies, were kind of fluff and stuff and now the the newer ones have complicated story lines and complicated characters., It does seem like those movies have evolved, Are there any type of movies that you dislike?, I'm not a real big fan of horror movies., I just Not because they're scary or anything, just because they're just not I don't know. They just don't really appeal to me. Like I guess the last good one I saw was probably the first Ring, maybe. But nowadays they're just so cookie cutter and, Kind of blah. If If You know, if there was a really good smart one that came out, I'd probably watch it, but I generally just avoid car movies altogether cuz they're just too It's like watching the same movie over and over again., A lot of people feel the same way and think they lack substance, Is there a particular movie that you dislike?, Nothing in particular. I just Like I said I don't I don't generally watch a lot of I can't think of a really bad movie I have seen lately. I must have seen good ones., But I can't think of a really bad movie that I've seen., Is that I don't watch but I try to watch try to make sure the movies are good before I can see them., Have you seen Ant Man?, Yeah, I saw that. It was It was pretty good. It was better than the first one, I thought., But you know, it's it's it's not as good as some of the other Marvel movies. But it was fun. I like, What did you like or dislike about it?, I liked it was it was kind of smart. It was, It was a little better than the first one. I don't know, it was fun to watch, but, I mean really not like anything about it. It's just It's just not quite as a compelling He's not quite as a compelling character as some of the other Marvel Superheroes., I can definitely understand that, thanks for your feedback!, Until next time what type of movies do u enjoy?, I like watching entertaining movies, mostly animation movies., can u name a movie that fits that category that you thoroughly enjoyed?, Yes, recently I watched, well, last year a movie called Your Name which was a movie with a great plot that was very interesting., what qualities about your name did u enjoy? besides the plot, The the depiction of characters and how the director played with different timelines in one movie. Kinda don't want to if you've never seen it spoiler, but the way that you walk up to the climax at the end was masterfully done., thanks for describing that for me. is there a movie that fits the category you mentioned that you didn't enjoy, A lot of people like this movie, but I really hated it. Space Jam, it was a mixture of animation and basketball., what about it did u hate?, I just I just thought the story was really weird. Like I said, a lot of people love it. I'm just not one of them., was it just the mix of animation and real life that u didn't like?, The plot was also weird. Like, it doesn't have to be super realist, but it has to make sense and in my mind it was kind of cobbled together. It wasn't really a good movie., thanks for confirming. this is a bit of a tangent, but have u seen the movie get out?, I have not., how about avengers?, Yes, so I have seen The Avengers movie., did u like this type of movie?, Yeah. Super hero movies can be great at times, yeah., what makes a good super hero movie in your opinion?, For me, I like specific superheroes. Like I like Superman, but I don't like Batman. So, I would want to watch one with superheroes that I really like. And there has to be a lot of action and a good plot. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I like dramatic movies., Because they make me like feel like I'm not alone in the world, or the world is just like interesting and fun. Not fun., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, I like Set It Off., What did you like about that kind of film?, I thought it was like a cool real life story, and it made be connected to black people, which I am black, so I liked it., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I don't enjoy biographies., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, I would like to read it instead of seeing it, and I don't always think they're being authentic to the story that really happened., Have you heard about the movie Get Out?, Yes., Have you seen this movie?, Yes., Loved it. Made me happy. Love the music. Connected to the reality of the world., Have you heard about the movie Black Panther?, Yes., Have you seen this movie?, Yes., What did you think about this movie?, I loved it. I love seeing my people in a superhero movie. What type of movies do you like?, I like drama and comedy movies., why drama?, I like movies that have a rich plot line, and drama movies usually do have a rich and interesting plot. And I don't really like action so drama movies tend to be less action oriented., What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies that comes to mind is actually kind of a romantic comedy and that's You've Got Mail. It's a super old movie, but I still really like it., what do you like about it?, It's funny, and it's kind of dated now. But it's funny, and it's well-written. And I'm a fan Tom Hanks, especially when he was young. So, that's one of my favorite movies of his, as cheesy as it is., What type of movies do you not like?, I really don't like horror movies, and I don't really like thriller movies, either., why not horror?, I'm not a fan of blood and gore even if it's fake and I don't really like violence even if it's acting, so I just kind of stay away from that kind of movie cuz I just don't enjoy being scared either. What type of movies do you enjoy?, Animated films., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They are fun, fanciful, and can do things that you can't do live action., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Wreck-It Ralph, What did you like about this movie?, I thought it was funny, charming. I enjoyed the jokes, the meta humor, and the characters., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't like crime films., What about these movies is unappealing?, I think they tend to be too gritty, too dark and a little mucky., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, the The Room, What do you dislike about this movie?, Everything about it is bad., Have you seen The Incredibles, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I like the characters and the humor, I also like the story and the overall tone., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! What types of movies do you dislike or not enjoy at all?, Why don't you enjoy these types of movies?, Is there a specific title from this category that you dislike heavily?, Sure. Out for Justice is terrible., What did you like or dislike about this film?, Good God. So, the acting is abysmal. The story line is both simple and bad at the same time. They have Steven Seagal doing entirely too much on his own. They have supporting cast that basically is as bad actor as Steven Seagal is maybe to not make him stand out too much, When you can get to a fight scene, they're okay. But it's It's just a lot to go through. It's dark. It's It's just not bad It's amazing to me he's had such a successful career., Have you seen Shawshank Redemption?, Oh, absolutely., What did you like or dislike about this film?, Shawshank is an excellent film, excellent. Should have won the Oscar. It is just superbly acted. The script is brilliant. It is It's really pulling you in and making you care about people who you otherwise may not. It's making certain characters sympathetic who otherwise wouldn't be. There are moments that are completely touching, which is amazing cuz you're watching something in a prison, then make a reading for the characters, if you there there really is a delineation between good and evil despite being in a prison. It's just that it's a phenomenal movie and the acting, and the writing, and the direction are top notch., A lot of people will agree with your point and would go as far as saying it's one of the best movies of all time if not the best, Yes, and they would be correct., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day, Yes, thank you so much. You, too. Could u tell me what kind of movies you generally like watching, I like teen comedies a lot., why is that, They are, They're like They're like regular comedies in that they're funny, but because they focus on high school, they usually incorporate some kind of A lot of times there's a romance in it. There's something sort of nice and simplistic about that time because there's only so much teens are sort of focused on. It's usually very much, you know, about a specific period of time, couple years, you know, they're 17. They're 16. It's funny. The romances are usually simple and cute, and nothing too overboard. They It doesn't usually veer off too much into where a movie doesn't necessarily need to go, and it takes away from the rest. But they're They're fun. They're enjoyable., simple and cute. nice, i like it. could u name a specific movie you love that fits that category, and what u liked about this kind of movie, There's a great movie recently called To All the Boys I Loved Before, and that's a really sort of fun and funny and endearing, Teen comedy it has a great lead and it doesn't always happen but this one is pretty original which helped a lot. And it was just it was definitely fun the these are getting harder to come by at this point. They used to make them so much more often. So, when you find a good one like this it's it's a rare gem., thanks for sharing. could u also name a specific movie that fits one of those categories and tell me why you didn't like that kind of movie?, Sure., What is that? John Tucker Must Die, that's not a good one. That is a still a teen movie, but, That sort of That's one that sort of went off the rails. It's doing too much, trying too hard., have you heard of the movie a walk to remember, Sure., have you seen it, Yes., do u like these types of movies, A Walk to Remember is not my favorite movie. I guess It depends on like these kinds of movies. I am not the biggest fan of the author of that movie. It's based on a book. And he kills almost everybody in his movies, so that's why I'm not really a fan. A Walk to Remember has The lead dies, so it's Even though it's a teen movie, it's very sad. It's a drama, not a comedy, and she's sick. She's sick throughout the entire movie. There is sort of a nice, endearing teen love story, and you do get involved with the character, but she has cancer. She's dying, and she does die in the movie. And it's It's kind of heavy, so it's not really It's not fun. I can like these movies, but, They're the kind of movie Let's say if I see it, I don't keep watching it. So, It's not my favorite to watch repeatedly at any strech., got it. how about the movie crazy rich asians, have you seen this movie?, Yes., did u like this kind of movie, Yes. Love this kind of movie., why is that, Well, it's a romantic comedy, and it is a little more original. All Asian cast, which is great, so it sort of adds a little bit something different by showing a different culture and how how it operates. So, that all works. And it's really funny. Very talented cast. And despite it being a different culture, one we don't typically get to see as much, And the big screen in this fashion, it was also very familiar, very relatable, so it was very funny. What type of movies do you like?, I like action-packed movies., why ?, That has a lot of action in it for one. And I like fast paced movies, you know., What is one of your favorite movies?, Blade Runner 2014, hey I like like that one., what did you like about it?, What's not to like? Action, fast pace, all the way around a good movie., What type of movies do you not like?, I'm not into love stories. You know, and kind of slow, not interesting, you know., okay. have you seen the movie mission impossible?, I have., Yes., What did you like about this kind of movie?, It's like kind of the American James Bond movie. I mean it's it's a lot of action, a lot of suspense, a lot of technology you know, that may or may not be fake. So, yeah, good movie., have you seen the movie the mummy?, And Yes, I've seen that one., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, It was It wasn't really suspenseful. It was a worse show. I don't like seeing that history in it, you know, what you knew was fate. It was interesting. What kind of movies do you normally watch?, I really like superhero movies., Have you seen Ant-Man?, Yes, I have., What did you like about Ant-Man?, I love Paul Rudd, that's the lead, and he was great in it. A very good fit for the more humorous take that they were going for. And it It was sort of a lower key superhero movie, like not like heavy on the action, but that worked given the cast and the kind of superhero they were doing. It was really quite different, for a superhero movie, so it was good., Have you seen Solo: A Star Wars Story?, Yes., What did you not like about that movie?, I do like that movie. I don't like personally don't like the newer Star Wars movies as much as I like the originals from the '70s and the '80s, but I do think that these are good, that these are well thought out and continue the the imagery and the story very well. And they're very captivating, very engaging, with good action and good storytelling., Are there movies you tend to stay away from?, I usually am not the biggest sci-fi fan., What makes you stay away from those movies?, So, sci-fi is not my favorite, they usually have aspects in it that are for one are a little scarier which is definitely not my favorite. And they are very science based which isn't necessarily the worst thing in the world, but sometimes they go a little too far into the world that they're trying to create and seem to almost confuse themselves with their cleverness. So, when sci-fi is well done I I certainly like, But more often than not, it seems that they bungle it, and it is a mess., What do you think about Forrest Gump?, It's a It's a good movie, it's not my favorite but it's a very good movie. What sort of movies to you like?, I like drama. I love a good drama, you know?, What about drama movies do you like?, A good storyline. Usually most dramas have good storylines. I like that., What about movies you don't like?, I don't like action movies because it looks too fake to me. You know. I don't like I don't watch them., Can you give me an example of something you remember liking?, I like watching a movie that has a love story in there, you know? Like Gone with the Wind. That's the kind of drama movie. I love the Gone With the Wind one. It's an older movie but I like it. Hello,What sort of movies do you like to watch?, Hello, I really enjoy comedy and action movies quite a bit., Can you give me some more details?, My movies in particular, like comedy-wise, I like Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, like action movies, I really enjoy like superhero movies., do you like just comedy or romantic comedy as well?, Some romantic comedies it just depends on who's in it and what it's kind of about., What else?, I mean, it I like movies that have good reviews, kind of more mainstream ones. I'm not really into like indie movies., can you tell me what do you like most about these movies, Just that they're really entertaining, and they've kind of got a good plot to them., Is there any actor’s movie that you wouldn’t want to miss watching?, Maybe something with Adam Sandler in it., can you name one of your favorite movie, Billy Mason, What about movies you don't like?, Any kind of like romance movie like the Note Book., Any particular genre that you don't like to watch at all?, Horror movies, they just don't really interest me very much., could you tell me why you don't like romantic and horror movies?, They don't really interest me. I can't really get into them very well., What do you check for when picking a movie?, Good reviews mainly, if talk around like work and my friends is good., Okay. Do you tend to watch trailer when picking a movie?, Yeah. I'll pull up the trailer and watch it. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I like historical drama movies. I like them because they're based on true stories, and they have usually have a great screenplay, and they can't make a sequel out of those., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, I like the movie Schindler's List and I like the movie Lincoln., What did you like about that kind of film?, I liked them As I said, I liked them for the fact that they're based on true stories. I liked that they had very good acting, and, They were just very very intriguing., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I don't really like romantic comedies., If I want to name a movie 10 Things I Hate About You., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, I didn't really like the writing in the movie. And I didn't like the story, and I didn't like the acting., Have you heard about the movie Get Out?, Yes., Have you seen this film?, Yes, I have seen it., What did you like about that kind of movie?, I thought it was very well-written. I thought that the that the story was very intense and very appealing. And I thought the director did a great job., Until next time, Thank you. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like action movies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, like the cinematography, the scenes, the fight choreography, characters, all that kind of stuff, Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Yes. So, I like the Mad Max: Fury Road., What did you like about this movie?, I thought the story, characters, and the action were all very entertaining., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, No., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I wasn't a big fan of the newer Spider-Man movie., What do you dislike about this movie?, I didn't like the story for most of the movie, and I found the actor that they chose to play Spider-Man to be kind of weak overall., Have you seen The Matrix, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I thought the story was fascinating, good characters, great special effects., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, You, too. well what kinds of movies do you like?, I like action movies, why do you like action movies?, Because they're so much fun, and there's fighting. I just love it., cool, how about a movie you liked?, Any Marvel movie, really., Any specific one you like the most?, Avengers: Infinity War, alright, Why did you like that movie?, Cuz it had all my favorite characters in it and all action in it cool moments., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, None of them I can think of right now., I can't think of anything right now., no worries, how about Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Yes and I have seen that movie., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I like the magical aspect of it. I love the characters., I just love it overall., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. what kind of movies do you enjoy watching, comedy, why is that, They are funny and entertaining., name a specific movie that fits that category that you like, and tell me why you like it, I like the movie Step Brothers with Will Ferrell and the other man. It was very funny, humorous movie. I was laughing the entire time., i'm well aware of words like funny and humorous already. please add more description so i can learn more vocabulary, The movie had a great story, and the characters were all very unique, and each one had their own way of being funny., thanks. and could you talk about a movie you didn't like that fit that movie category, That would be, Probably it's the movie Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle., why didn't you like that type of movie, I didn't like the characters. There was nothing interesting about them. And I didn't find the movie funny., have you seen the movie x men, Yes., did you like this kind of movie, Yes., why is that, It was an action movie, interesting characters, good, good acting good action scenes, what does good acting and good actions scenes mean to you, good choreography, actors that stay in character, And create a great story. What type of movies do you like?, I like romantic comedies., what do you like about romantic comedies?, I just I like the story, and I like happy endings, and I just like the stories about you know, how different people are falling in love and the comedic aspects., So do you like movies like bridesmaids?, Yeah, that's a romantic comedy. I love Bridesmaids., What type of movies do you not like?, I really don't like science fiction very much., why is that?, Oh, science fiction movies are for geeks, and they're kind of boring., They're kind of boring, and I'm really not interested in the storylines. They're not very realistic., so i'm guessing you don't like movies like star wars??, No, I hate Star Wars., okay. thank you for your help What type of movies do you enjoy?, comedies, What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like a movie where I can enjoy it, and laugh, and just have an escape., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, I like Woody Allen movies. I like Annie Hall., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't like horror movies., or scary movies, What about these movies is unappealing?, They're just a little too scary for me, too realistic., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I don't like No, I just don't like too much blood and gory type movies., Have you seen One flew over the cukoos nest, Yes, I have., What did you like or dislike about this title?, Well, I like the title, but I also like the movie. I thought it was a great movie. I thought the acting was superb, and I thought the story by Ken Kesey was exceptional. So love the movie., Thank you for your time and have a great day! Bye!, Thanks. Bye-bye. What are some types of movies do you like?, I really like I like thrillers, and I like movies that have a lot of suspense and things that keep me guessing., why else do you like thrillers?, Because they They tend to really keep me interested in the plot, and I really like I like the the pace and how it makes me feel excited., what do you think mystery movies?, They can be good sometimes, so long as they aren't too obvious or they aren't too complicated. I think sometimes they can go overboard, but I like a mystery every now and again., What is one of your favorite movies?, Actually I just saw a movie that I really liked called Suspiria. It was a horror movie and it was really good., what did you like about it?, The tone of the movie was incredible, and I thought it was the camera work was really good, they had a lot of really pretty pretty and visual visually appealing shots in the movie., was it really scary ?, There were some parts that were pretty frightening. Yeah and the overall plot of the movie was pretty terrifying., did it end well?, The ending was good, but I wouldn't say that it was a happy ending., most horror movies never end well, Yeah. That's true. They they tend to be kind of a mixed bag at the end., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, A movie that I didn't like I didn't like the movie Crush., what didn't you like about it? the way every character was connected?, You know, that didn't bother me so much as I thought it felt forced. It felt It didn't feel like the stories naturally went together, and I just thought it was It was I didn't like the writing. I thought the writing wasn't good., have you watched crazy rich asians?, I haven't I have not seen that yet. I have I've heard a little bit about it. I roughly know what it's about. I know it's based on a book, but I haven't read the book or seen the movie yet, no., what about the movie The Grinch?, I saw The Grinch a while back. I do like I do like it, and I thought it was well done., what did you like about it?, I thought I thought the makeup and costume was really good, and you know, I'm a big Dr. Seuss fan too, so I thought that worked really well., okay. thank you. what are some types of movies you like?, I like comedies and not dramas comedies and war movies., what do you like about war movies?, I like that they're like dramatic, but in a real world sense, like they feel more real than say, a regular drama, because well, it's about war., And even when they go a little further than than what actually happens it still ties them to it. It doesn't feel It doesn't usually feel like it's being blown out of proportion to to a just just believable proportion., I guess. Oh, yeah., What is one of your favorite movies?, Full Metal Jacket was a good movie, so was Saving Private Ryan. So, either one of those., what did you like about Saving Private Ryan?, Well, I liked that it was a deep movie. It just I don't know. It really sucked me in in a way that not many other movies can do, or that have done., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, A movie I didn't like., Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, that's that's one that I definitely did not like., what didn't you like about it?, Well, for one I'm kind of biased against Tim Burton movies. I don't really care for them that much, I mean I'm totally for the whole dark and dreary atmosphere kind of thing but it almost seems too exaggerated in some ways. And I mean it just it departed to much from the original Willy Wonka cuz I know that was, like sequel-ish kind of movie to it, and it was like It just didn't sit with me very well. I didn't I didn't care for the the art style. I didn't care for the plot. I just didn't really like it., that's true. it was a lot more different than the original, Heck yeah, it was., have you watched the movie Halloween?, I may have, but I don't remember., I don't think I did., what about a quiet place?, Quiet Place, No, I've never seen that., okay thanks What kinds of movie do you like?, I like horror movies, Why do you like horror movies?, Because I think life is really scary and horror movies allow me to be scared in a safe space., Is there a horror movie you like?, I like Poltergeist., why did you like Poltergeist, I like the dynamic with the family, and I thought it was really really scary just the way just what happened to the little girl in it cuz she was really young and vulnerable., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I don't like Night of the Living Dead., What is it about those kinds of movie you do not like?, It's too slow-paced, and I don't like the zombies in it., well, have you seen Twilight?, Yes., What is it about this movie that you like or dislike?, I don't like it because it's cheesy. Do you like movies like Jason Bourne, or Inside Man or Superbad, super bad, Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like the most?, I like that it's funny, and it's all-inclusive, and it's just like a good like journey that you go on, but also high action-packed., Can you say a little more about that please?, It's fun and it's like action packed and there's comedy, but action and there's like cool costumes., what is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, It's a lot of profanity and there's a lot of young people in it and I wish there wasn't and I want it to be more like all inclusive., ok. have you watched the movies Jason Bourne, or Inside Man, Jason Bourne, did you like it, No., I didn't like it., what is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, It's just like a stupid actor and then it's like boring and it's like I don't believe anybody and the characters, and like everything to me seems fake., Can you say a little more about that please?, It's just like really annoying and it's just like I don't like the main actor in it and I just wish it wasn't like that., alright ! what about the movie Inside Man, I didn't like that one either., and what is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, I think that plot is not realistic and it just doesn't seem like something that people would want to go see, and I don't just like the graphics or nothing like that., what else?, It's just boring and it's just like silly actors and I just don't like it. It's not my type of movie., anything about this type of movie that you may like?, Maybe comedy or the action in it., Alright. Thank you for the information., See you later Can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like comedy. I like action. I like sci-fi. I like fantasy., OK, what about those types of movies do you enjoy?, I mostly like new, interesting situations. That's why I in particular like funny comedies, because they tell The good comedies tell new jokes never heard. The fantasy and sci-fi I really like because it's just completely different imagined worlds., Great! What's one of your favorite movies?, That's a tough one. Let's go. I like My fun movie is The Matrix., That's a good one!, What did you enjoy about The Matrix?, It just blew my mind. I really like the the movie unraveled. So, you think you're in one universe but you're in a whole another universe the movie is slowly The plot slowly unravels. It's really deep., I agree. Now, can you tell me what type of movies you don't like?, I don't like scary movies. I just don't like, To be surprised and make myself jump just for no reason. I just didn't really find that fun., I see. Can you tell me a movie you've seen and didn't like?, I can think about that for a bit. It's been a long time., Take your time., It's hard. I'm just going to say movies that I kind of didn't like. How about that? Blair Witch Project, Sure, And what did you not like about it?, It was just it was it was dumb and it was just like trying to surprise you and the camera quality was bad., Fair enough. Have you seen the movie Venom?, I have not. It just came out., Would you be interested to watch it?, I heard it hasn't been reviewing that well, but I guess I wouldn't mind seeing it., OK, what about Crazy Rich Asians. Have you seen that one?, Yes, I have seen it., And what did you think?, It was okay. I wasn't completely bored. It was kind of interesting, but it wasn't that great., What did you like or dislike about that movie?, I like that it took place in Singapore about a Asian family a rich Asian family which I guess we don't really see that much in any other movies or TV shows. But, I dislike the bias. I just don't think like they Like it try to be funny it it wasn't really genuinely funny. I don't think the plot was super good., I see. Now, have you seen any of the Jason Bourne movies?, Yeah, I seen most of them. Maybe all of them. I don't know. I've seen three of them., What did you think about those?, They're pretty good. Maybe a little bit overrated, but I still enjoyed watching them., Anything in particular that stood out to you?, Good or bad, I guess I focus on the bad, cuz that's what comes to my mind immediately. I just remember the camera work, and I think maybe it's the third one, or maybe there's a fourth one. The The last one that I saw, the camera work is horrible, like I could not tell what was happening in the action scenes. Too shaky., Kind of gives you the sensation of motion sickness, huh?, Yeah, I guess. It also gave me a headache., Yeah, you don't want to watch a movie that leaves you with a headache!, Nope., Movies are entertainment, not pain., I agree., Well, thanks for telling me about your movie likes and dislikes. Have a great day!, All right, thanks for talking to me. Bye-bye., Goodbye What kinds of movies do you like?, Oh you know, I like spy films, and I like Sci-Fi and, I like anything with a lot of action in it., Well, tell me why do you like science fiction movies?, I like to think about the what we could have in the future that that we don't have now. Yeah, and at the same how when the future they will have the same problems that we do just with better technology. That is interesting to me. It's kind of the human condition always always continues., cool, what is your favorite movie?, Oh man, my favorite movie?, It changes. I don't have a favorite movie., I mean, Dr. Strangelove might be my favorite. Full Metal Jacket might be my favorite., alright, Why might full metal jacket be your favorite movie?, Let's see. Well, it's written by Stanley Kubrick. Which is important cuz he's my favorite director. It's got a boot camp scene in the Half the movie's the boot camp and then half the movie's the stuff in Vietnam. And it just It's a It's an anti-war film. It's just really well done. The acting is fantastic. And it's really really intense., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, man, Bowling for Columbine or anything by that guy. I can't remember the director., oh, Why not?, I don't like the director. I I think he's pretentious, and that says something cuz considering I'm pretentious. So, he's just, He's just annoying, so the movie's annoying., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Accountant ?, I may have but I I can't remember the plot., how about, then have you seen the movie Pulp Fiction, I have seen the movie. Yes., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, A Pulp Fiction is great. It just got this it's wonderfully violent, it's humorous, the cast is fantastic. Well if you're you got the same objection and principles as in it I think I might they made the first time they were together were they were also in Die Hard from together they they worked great together. And just add little sub stories in in Pulp Fiction make just a fantastic film., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye., Goodbye. What type of movies do you like?, I like romantic movies, and I like comedies., why do you like romantic movies?, I get really engaged in them. I like the love stories. It takes me away from my boring old love story., What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies would be Titanic., why's that?, because it has a really great love story. It keeps you engaged the whole time. The only bad part about it is the ending when the guy dies. Other than that, it's a good movie., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like horror movies., is it because you don't like being scared?, Yes, I don't like being scared at all. And I also Any of the scary scenes, like if someone jumps out of a doorway in the dark, every time I walk through my house at night, I can just picture that happening., okay, that's undherstandable, have you seen the movie elf?, Yes, I have., what did you like or dislike about this kind ofmovie?, I thought it was a cute movie. I liked it, except for Will Ferrell. That actor that plays the elf is, he drives me crazy. He's really annoying, so that's what threw it off for me. But it's a good like one-time, maybe two-time, movie., okay. Have you seen the movie Incredibles 2?, Yes., what did you like about this kind of movie?, I liked that it was a cute family movie. I liked that the family fights crime together. It was a nice sequel to the first one. Me and my kids really enjoyed it., okay. thank you What kinds of movies do you like?, romance, Why do you like romance movies?, Because they make you feel good., Is there a romance movie you like?, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, and why did you like that movie?, I liked it because it was cute and it was a little bit funny., interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I don't like 10 Things I Hate About You., What about those kinds of movies you do not like?, I didn't like it because it was based in high school and I don't really think that's suitable for my age., ok, have you seen the movie Mission: Impossible, No., How about the movie Finding Nemo ?, Yeah., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I like them because they're fun and cute and funny., ok, thank you for sharing, good bye What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedies and action movies., Why's that?, Because I like lighthearted movies. And I also like it when there are a lot of things going on when I'm watching a film., I see. Why's that important to you?, Well, I feel like I should be enjoying myself when participating in entertainment., Okay. And what kind of movies do you dislike ?, I dislike musicals and horror movies., Why's that?, Musicals because singing doesn't really catch my attention, and horror movies because I always find them hard to believe., Okay. And why's that?, It's cuz some of the things I go on in horror movies are just too extreme and very difficult to imagine., okay. So what's a movie you've seen that you liked?, The Avengers, why did you like it?, Because it had a large amount of action and also mixed in good amounts of comedy, making it an entertaining movie., And what's a movie you disliked?, why did you dislike it?, Because it was overly graphic., How so?, It had a lot of disturbing scenes that involved needles and knives and gore., I see., So based on what you've said, did you like Guardians of the Galaxy?, Yes. I like Guardians of the Galaxy. I like superhero movies., Why did you like that kind of movie?, Because it had a good cast and a good story line, with lots of action., Great. and what about Logan, did you see that?, Yes, I liked that movie, too., Why?, I'm a big Hugh Jackman fan. I'm also a fan of the character that he played in the movie. What sort of movies do you like?, I like romantic comedies, I like action movies., Can you give me an example of a movie you remember liking?, Sure. For romantic comedies, Pretty Woman, 27 dresses, Bridget Jones Diary, Someone Like You, For comedies, regular comedies? I like First Wives Club., Oh, another romantic comedy that I love is The Holiday, another one is Picture Perfect., Two Can Play That Game. For regular comedies, I love 40-Year-Old Virgin, Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show, What did you like about first wive's club?, That's like a female central comedy that is just hilarious. And it's The plotting, the scheming it's a kind of a revenge comedy I guess you could call it. It's just a lot of fun and like really had fun making it and it came across for that just 2 hours of fun., The actors are fantastic in that movie which is really what makes it a good movie probably., who's your favorite actor or actress?, Favorite actor favorite actress is probably Sandra Bullock, maybe Julia Roberts, favorite actor not not for comedies but Tom Cruise., It's definitely up there as a favorite., What do you check for when picking a movie?, I usually check for the cast, who's in it is definitely going to help determine if I see it. The general description what is supposed to be going on in the movie if that sounds appealing or not. I will check for the director a lot of times I will check one time many times, and I also usually check reviews even though that doesn't, necessarily determine whether or not I go, from both critics and moviegoers. I always check moviegoer reviews, not never just critics, and I usually check an IMDb rating., thank you What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I enjoy action movies., Because they're fun to watch., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Yes. I enjoy watching the the Ninja Turtle movie., What did you like about that film?, That film has a lot of action in it. It has a lot of action where it's fighting bad guys., first time in the world, Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I do not enjoy, 2010 Moby Dick, What didn't you like about the film?, The film was boring. It was on It was on It was on a ship. It was just on the submarine. It just wasn't wasn't fun to watch., That's why it's not a good movie., Have you heard about the movie Deadpool?, Yes. I have heard of it, and I also watched it., Did you enjoy those films?, Yes, I enjoyed them. They were good films. Very funny, very dramatic., What did you enjoy about them?, gun movies. It has a lot of action a lot of killing bad people. And when Deadpool get his arms chopped off he he can regenerate his limbs., Goodbye What type of movies do you like?, I like movies that are kind of artsy. For example The Grand Budapest Hotel is one of my favorite movies. I like movies that have a good plot and a unique story., when you say artsy do you mean good visuals?, Yes, given those unique maybe different color contrasts., and with good music., What is one of your favorite movies?, And The Grand Budapest Hotel and Inception., why do you like inception?, I like Inception because it had really good music. It had a unique story line. That was something I've never seen before, and the visuals in the movie were really awesome. A lot of cool architecture., What type of movies do you not like?, I'm not a big superhero movie fan or action. I do not like horror movies either., why don't you like horror movies?, Because they scare me, make me feel bad., have you heard of the movie Guardians of the Galaxy?, Yes., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I like the movie because it had good music in it. It was It was a superhero movie, which I don't really care for too much. But it was a unique one. The story was really cool., have you seen zootopia?, Yes., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movies?, I liked it. I thought it was pretty average. It was cute. It was a child movie. It had a good message on it. And it was a little bit, you know, simple and childlike for me. But overall it was it was all right. It was good., okay, thanks What type of movies do you enjoy?, comedies, thrillers, suspense, What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like to laugh, I like to be in suspense, and I like thrillers., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from these genres?, The Avengers, What did you like about this movie?, I like that it's sci-fi. I've always liked Marvel comics and the characters., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, dramas, musicals, What about these movies is unappealing?, Dramas tend to make me cry, and I don't like to get emotional., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, No., Have you seen Thor: Ragnarok, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I've always enjoyed the Marvel comics. And I used to read Thor as a kid, and I love the action in it., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! Hello. I’d like to discuss your movie preferences. OK?, Yeah, I like superhero movies., what do you like about them?, I like the fantasy, how it brings me to a greater joy and puts the ability of thinking that you can do anything if you put your mind to it., Whats your favorite superhero movie?, Superman, why is that your favorite?, He always does the right thing, even though he could just kill people. He just tries to uplift them and like make them be better, and just is a good person, and that just gives me hope for humanity., Nice. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I did not like Weekend at Bernie's., how come?, It just I don't like the idea of death and how it like franchises it or makes it like a cool thing and funny. It shouldn't be like that when you're dealing with someone who's dying., I see. How did you feel about Venom?, I haven't seen it yet, but I will go and see it cuz it seems like it might be It's going to be up my alley with stuff that I watch and like., hmm. What about Bridesmaids?, Yeah, loved it. It was like one of my favorite things ever. So funny and just like bad ass., Awesome. Thanks for your input today, Thank you. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like mystery movies, not romance movies, and yeah., ok, what about those types of movies do you like?, Oh, I love romance movies, love them. Love the plot, I love you know, the acting is great. I love the female driven characters and i love the resolutions., got it, can you name a specific film you really enjoyed and why you enjoyed it?, Yeah. I liked 40-Year-Old Virgin. Really like that movie because it was a really funny, good Steve Carell flick., I watched it on a network. I didn't like watched it on online or out of theater I watched it on a TV network., ok, can you tell me what types of movies you don't like?, Well, I can tell you I don't like action movies. Too much action for this soul., ok, the action scenes don't excite you?, No. No, they don't They don't do it for me. No, I never get stimulated at the action scenes., got it, can you name a film you didn't like? it doesn't have to be an action movie but it can be, I didn't like., Let me Let me think, a movie I didn't like., I try not to watch like bad movies., Oh, I didn't like Sandlot I guess., That's way back though., ok, no problem, can you tell me have you seen the movie star wars, Oh yes. I like Star Wars, yeah. Yeah, I saw the first one for a a class I took in college, but I never I never saw I don't think I saw any of the rest of them, but now the first one. Now the first one was really good. First one was really good but, I don't know. I think they're still coming out with Star Wars movies in today., ok, what about the first movie did you like?, I thought the plot was good. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I really like action movies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They are exciting, sort of like nonstop, has a really good sort of speed to them. They're just not at all boring. They're also They don't tend to be realistic, so they don't remind you of anything about everyday life, so it's a good escape, and usually an exciting one that you can really ride out and you know, and watch and be engaged for 2 hours., The adrenaline rush from these movies definitely draws people in, Exactly., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Sure. I love Gone in 60 Seconds., What did you like about this movie?, that has an ensemble cast that really works. It's clever we don't have a ton or at the time we didn't have a ton of action movies that were based around cars and car chases. So, it was a little different. And so the action was a little bit different and it was sort it was exciting to watch the car chases. So, it really worked. And it was it was pretty well written., I mean the acting was excellent, and the writing was pretty good, so it was it was enjoyable action film but also one that was not as familiar as they had been making at that point. We had way more in recent years but at that time it was fairly original., A cast can definitely factor into a movie's success and a great story definitely needs to be there too, Yes., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't like horror films., What about these movies is unappealing?, I'm not really a fan of scaring myself while watching a film. I like to just be able to enjoy it. And for the most part, a scary movie will literally scare me, possibly cause nightmares, so it's not something that I typically go into enjoying. It's something I go into with trepidation. So it sort of defeats the purpose. I I consider movies an enjoyment, so it really does defeat the purpose for me to be watching a scary movie., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, What do you dislike about this movie?, So Olympus has Fallen is a action film that is around the white house that's not particularly good and it takes itself way too seriously. So even if it was decent enough it's not realistic enough for it to be taken as seriously as it was taking itself. So, it doesn't really work. I I completely confused the cast. The supporting cast is better than the leaders., Have you seen Black Panther?, I have., What did you like or dislike about this title?, Black Panther is excellent. It's fantastic that it was a black cast, African American cast that is a superhero. It's just never They never have done it before. So it was refreshing. It was great to see. It was inspiring to see, and the movie was actually great. It wasn't even like it was some sort of a downgrade. It was an upgrade for superhero movies., So, the the acting is fantastic, the story line fantastic, it was all around excellent movie., It's definitely nice to see something new that is uplifting for people, Yes., Thank you for your time and have a great day! Bye!, Thanks. You, too. What kind of movies do you normally watch?, I watch a lot of comedies., Whats your favorite comedy movie?, My favorite is going to probably be Best in Show., But that's a pretty that's I don't know, it's a smaller movie. I can name a more well known movie too., Why is it your favorite?, It is so excellent. It's hilarious while being clever and sort of subtle. It's The style of the movie is a mockumentary, so what it's mocking it pulls off extremely well, and the cast is just superb., What movies do you tend to stay away from?, if there's a certain type that I stay away from, outside of I stay away from horror films for sure. Scary kind of movies are not my thing. I'm also not the biggest fan of tear jerkers., What was the last movie that was disappointing?, Die Hard 5. A Good Day to Die Hard. That was disappointing., What made it so bad?, So A Good Day to Day Hard is the part of Die Hard series so this is actually the fifth movie in the series, not only is it by far the worst, it is, Probably the weakest storyline, the one that doesn't use the sort of lead character of the series, John McClane, which is played by Bruce Willis well. It had good action. That was basically all it had going for it, but even then, it just It just wasn't great. It was I think the wrong setting. I think a lot of A lot of bad choices for that movie., Have you seen Reservoir Dogs?, No, I've seen plenty of other Tarantino movies, but not that one., What do you think about the movie Aliens?, Woo, really too scary for me. I know it's an excellent movie, but too scary for me in general., What did you like about it?, Not much. I really haven't seen the entire thing. Sigourney Weaver's excellent, but in general, entirely too scary for me. I'd I'd have nightmares about that., Thank you for your input, have a great day What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, What kind of movie, I've always Well, I can't say I've always, but I like westerns now. I used to not like them as a child and now as an adult, I oddly have grown to very much enjoy a good western., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Well, I used to not like the movie Tombstone with Dark Holiday and well Whiteout played by I can't think of the actors name now. Kurt Russell and I forgot who played Dark Holiday, but as a kid I always thought it was boring but, What did you like about that kind of film?, For Westerns, I think it's how simple and It's always kind of just about a single moral or I mean, sometimes you can have it where there's fantastical elements to it that lend kind of itself to like the American fairy tale, sort of. But they're always very simple stories with a little bit There's almost, It's always action in there somewhere, and they are they are kind of relaxing to watch as well. And also, I'm interested in that that world that they exist in that that western world., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, Whereas the genre of romantic comedies I've I like the comedy part, but the romance once are always like there's a meet cute moment and then there is, you know, they they don't get together until the very end. It's very formulated kind of I guess I've just kind of bored by the formula, but if they focus more on the comedy, I like it. I like them more., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, Kind of was saying that the they very formulaic. They they don't necessarily take chances, you know what's coming. I mean they're good for probably to watch when is maybe raining on cable or something on TV, but I'm not ever going to like pay money to go to a theater to watch it unless I have to., Have you heard about the movie True Grit?, Yes, and I like the the co in remake and the original with Wayne., Would you go see the movie ?, In the theater, yes. I think I did, the remake. I don't remember. I know I've seen it, though. Yes., Have you watched the movie before?, What did you like about that kind of movie?, Kind of what I was saying. It's kind of a, I don't know if the right term is Bellwether or not. But it's a good example iof what those movies can be I think it's a classic movie that's why it was remade and has some that and like searchers have some of the best cinematography or classic cinematography you see in a lot of western, too. What are some movie genres that you like?, I like I like prison movies., like what?, Like Like The Great Escape, so it's a movie about guys who ran a prison camp in World War II., why is it one of your favorite movies?, The acting is really good in it, and I really like the plot. You know, there's a lot of plotting and planning by the by the prisoners to get out, and watching them work is a lot of fun., What type of movies do you not like?, Not a really big fan of of family movies., why is that?, You know it it seems like when they say family movies it's mostly for kids and you know they just don't, They just don't really appeal to me that much. They're They're They're normally very low-level plots., have you heard of the movie Saw?, Yeah, I have., Yeah, I've seen I've seen a few of them., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, I liked the first one because it was kind of novel in that you know, you were waiting to see what the twist was, or like if there was a twist, or how they were going to get out of it. So I think it was It was a simple but effective plot., ok thank you can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like watching comedies, action, dramas sometimes. When I get spare time I like double into something new like documentaries or biopics., ok, why do you like those genres of movies?, They're entertaining to me, I like the aspect of being, like action a lot because there's a lot of things going on at once, and when there's a lot of things going on, it catches my attention. Like I have to know what's going to happen next., great, can you name a specific film you really enjoyed?, Specific film I really enjoyed recently was Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse., what about it did you like?, It was different. It was a different animation. It It was like a different cartoon kind of a movie. It had elements of comic books in it, and it explored a different super a Spider-Man that everybody wasn't used to, and it told a different story, instead of the same old story. And it dabbled into like the multiverse and different universes in the world., got it, can you tell me what types of movies you don't like?, I don't like thriller or horror movies at all. That's about it., why don't you enjoy those types of movies?, ok, can you name a specific film you didn't like?, I did not like I don't like any of the Chucky movies at all., got it, can you tell me have you seen iron man 3?, Yes, I have seen Iron Man 3 and I enjoyed a lot cuz Iron Man is my favorite Marvel hero in in the universe. what are some movie genres that you like?, I like action films, drama, mystery., Why is that?, Well, often I want just simple entertainment, but then sometimes if it's a drama, I like intelligent dialog, serious situations, that sort of thing., What is one of your favorite movies?, The Man for All Seasons. Now that indeed was a serious drama, and I like the intelligent dialog in it., aside from the dialogue, what else did you like about it?, Well overall, it was well acted. The action was very believable. You got to understand the characters' motivation, so it was a very compelling story., What type of movies do you not like?, I I don't like horror films, although I do like Vincent Price, so occasionally I would watch one of those, but normally I don't like horror films. I also usually don't like animation, and actually, even though I like comedy, I don't like probably most comedy films., why don't you like most comedy films?, I I feel they're too simple. They're sort of geared toward the lowest element, as far as the situation and dialog goes, so they lack the sophistication , The old classic comedies had more meaningful situations than today., what did you think of the movie Pulp Fiction?, I Yeah, I I guess maybe because I had seen such good reviews for it, that I was expecting more from it than I actually got. I didn't particular care for it., what about the movie The Shawshank Redemption?, Yes, I I like that. Once again, that that was a good drama with good characters good character personalities in it., ok, thanks i would like to know what kind of movies you like, Ranges from science fiction, comedy, action-adventure, political thriller, thriller, horror to an extent. The only, really, I I've even I used to not like Westerns, and I even like Westerns now., The only thing, really, I don't like are like Hallmark-type sappy movies., And maybe some rom-coms., Or musicals musicals too I don't mind., what do you like about these movies?, I think it's the imagination in the the the thing that people like about going to the movies it transports you to a different world. First, at least that mean obviously for the science fiction genre. But it's a way to I can really lose myself in the stories and the excitement whereas the genres I don't like, For musicals there's not much plot usually, and I don't like the way stories are told through the music. I feel like it loses the point. It's not something that I enjoy. I don't like the songs usually and, I think that's what most people like about those movies., can you name a movie that you liked a lot?, Let's see., Well, recently just cuz it the third one just came out but the and I didn't really say it but animated movies like Pixar-type movies How to Train Your Dragon, that series is a underappreciated series I think in comparison to like Toy Story and other Pixar movies. Toy Story would also be up there for me in terms of movies I like or a movie series I like., nice. how about a movie that you didn't like. can you name one?, I want to say it's called It's kind a bit of musical. Across the Universe or it's the one where I forgotten the name. It's something with universe, and I think it's Beatles reference, because all the songs in the movie are Beatles songs. But, it's like a romantic story or something., Which also, I don't really like romantic comedies. I'm not sure it's a comedy, but it's definitely a musical. And I I just But name a musical, and I I probably do not like it. Little Shop Horrors, I didn't like. Though, parts of it, I kind of liked. I liked the plot of it. I just didn't like the music of it., got it, so no musicals, even if it's about the beatles!, That's right. I like The Beatles music but not in a movie form. I think it's just repetition of it. It gets tiresome. Like if there's one song or two songs in the movie, maybe I can that's fine. But when it's like every 5-10 minutes or whatever, it breaks down to it gets tiresome. But I also don't like to listen to the same type of music. Like I don't listen, to a whole album because I get bored by the end of it. So, it's probably just my preferences or you know., have you seen pulp fiction?, Yes, its it it will be on it would be up there in terms of one of my favorite movies., nice! what did you like about it?, Well, definitely for the time that it came out, it was so unique, that nonlinear kind of storytelling narrative that is a little bit more commonplace now. Though you don't see it too often. But it it was the It was that Tarantino mix of like ultra-violence, unpredictability, great dialog, and you just never, I think the whole movie is kind of like that. What kind of movies do you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like science fiction movies. I like science fiction movies because they always have interesting stories, and they deal with crazy new technologies or futuristic technologies., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Blade Runner, I really like Blade Runner a lot., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It's It's about cyborgs and it has Harrison Ford in it and I really like that and he's a bounty hunter and I've really liked the concept of bounty hunters. I think it's fun., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, A movie that I don't like Let see, a movie that I don't like was the, Love, Actually, What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., Well I thought I thought it was really cheesy. I mean, I think the story was silly, and then And it's also just about Christmas, which I don't really like Christmas movies that much., Do you like the movie Ocean's Eleven ?, I like the Ocean's Eleven, and I thought it was fun. It's It's fun how they get the get the whole group together., What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., So, about Ocean's Eleven I thought I thought although I liked it I thought the, I thought the ending could have been better. I mean, so I didn't I didn't like how they They spent too much time I think pulling the team together, even though that part was fun. It just kind of It's almost the whole movie. And then another thing I did not like was you you only get to see how they did everything at the very end., Do you like the movie Crazy Rich Asians ?, I haven't seen Crazy Rich Asians, I have heard a lot about it though., Would you go see it?, I would I would go see it. I mean I don't have anything against it., Do you like the movie War for the Planet of the Apes ?, Actually, I did not like that movie very much., Why do you dislike this movie? 2 reasons please, I don't like the acting of Andy Serkis. I think he looks like he's mimicking an ape instead of them just using features that facial expressions an ape would make, and I also thought that the plot was stupid., Do you like the movie Christopher Robin ?, I don't know about that movie. I have not heard of it., Do you like the movie The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ?, Yeah, I liked that movie. It was incredible., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, The adventure of it all. It's just a crazy story, and then I really like all the action sequences they have. They're incredibly done. what are the certain types of features you look for in movies?, I like action, and I like dialog, and I like the quality of actors., If that means anything., does the ending impact how much you like a film, Well, no, cuz I like a surprise ending, so the ending doesn't have any impact on me., Why do you like those genres?, because, That's what I like. I don't know. It's just my taste, I guess., What's one of your favorite movies?, I'd have to say the one who flew over the cuckoo's nest. Have you ever watched it? It's very good., no. i haven't. what did you like about that type of movie?, It is comical, for one, and has one of my favorite actors in it, for two, and, who's your favorite actor, I have to go with Denzel Washington. He's my favorite actor as of right now. And I like Matt Damon. He's good., have you watched the equalizer?, I have. Very good movie., I've highly recommend it., there's a sequel that just came out. are you planning on watching it?, I do. When it comes out online, I plan on getting right on it and watching it that very day., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like a love story, I think they're boring. And am just not the love story kind of a guy, I think they're chick flick, you know., what if it was an action movie with a love story?, Maybe if you got like action so I might do it if they have good mixture, and yes., And mystery. It had a little bit of mystery in it too, you know., Do you like movies like The Hunger Games?, I like The Hunger Games. I watched them all. They were all pretty good., Do you like movies like dumb and dumber?, Who doesn't like Dumb and Dumber? That's very funny. I mean Jim Carrey in it was excellent., okay. thanks for your help today What kinds of movies do you like?, Sci-Fi superhero, fantasy, Well tell me why do you like Sci-fi movies?, Cuz they're really exciting and different than real life., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, Chronicles of Riddick, Oh nice, Why did you like that movie?, Cuz Vin Diesel's awesome, and it was a really good movie., very cohesive plot, at least I thought. I know other people didn't like it., well I agree, is there a movie you did not like?, I can't think of one., No. Not that I can think of off the top of my head now., No worries, Ok, then have you seen the movie Inception, Yes, saw that. That was okay. Leonardo DiCaprio, What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I like Escapism. I'm a tech and I work in computers and, So, futuristic stuff appeals to me. It's different than real life. It's kind of for better or worse, it's in the future., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like comedy movies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like to laugh out loud and enjoy them with friends, Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, One movie is Panama Express., What did you like about this movie?, I like the kind of crude humor with references to modern culture., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't really like romance, What about these movies is unappealing?, They're a little too sappy for my liking. I like to be either serious or laughing., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I can't think of one right now., Have you seen Stepbrothers, Yes, What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, The acting was very funny. What kind of movies do you like?, I think anything with either has some action or explosions, just cuz on the big screen that you know, that's something you really get to It feels like you're experiencing it. Or something with a good plot, like a thriller or something with a surprise ending, kind of like the movie Se7en, something like that., cool, Is there an action movie that you like?, Well, at this time of the year I always try to watch Die Hard probably 100 times., What about Die hard, did you like?, I think it's the, how realistic it is. It doesn't feel dumb. It feels like a guy would actually be making these decisions. He's not doing anything stupid. He's trying to It's a normal guy in a extraordinary situation, and he has to figure out his way out, and everything in it feels natural or I mean, it's heightened, cuz it is an action movie, but it It It doesn't make you feel dumb watching it, which a lot of action films I think do., OK, well how about a movie you did not like?, Well more recently, The Cloverfield Paradox on Netflix, which I I tend to like sci-fi, which is why I And I like the Cloverfield movies, but Cloverfield Paradox just was It didn't make any sense. It clearly felt like a It had a good cast. It had It looked good, but it was clearly a dump, by the studio cuz it is not a good movie. It just didn't work, and I felt like I got suckered in by marketing., Interesting, in that case have you seen Inglourious Basterds, Yes and I like all assuming you mean the Tarantino remaker version of the of the movie and yes I like pretty much any Tarantino movies., What is it about these kinds of movies , did you like?, Tarantino movies or Inglourious Basterds?, Tarantino, rapid fire kind of dialog and there's sterilized dialog with the violence. And you can tell that he really love the what he is doing that and I think that comes in the screen and the dialog and the characters and the way it's acted. And the stories are usually just simple but unique in their own way. Like Pulp Fiction is, you know, revolutionized movies and are not, and many are story telling kind of way and, yeah. It's You never know what you are going to get but you also kind of knows it feels familiar. Like every Tarantino film feels like a Tarantino film and but you never know what he is going to do next. And so it's always a fun little adventure with him., Awesome, thank you for sharing. Have a Great day!, You, too. What kind of movies do you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like comedy cuz I like to laugh a lot and have fun., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Oh my gosh., methinks, The Spy Who Dumped Me, Deadpool, Game Night, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Well, Crazy Rich Asians had like a romantic vibe to it and made me laugh., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, No., Not even one?, I can't think of one., Maybe Juno? It's been that long, ok. what 2 things did you dislike about Juno, I guess it's the storyline and I thought it was more dumb than than funny., Do you like the movie Jurassic World ?, Yes., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like the suspense., Do you like the movie Mad Max: Fury Road ?, I don't recall seeing that one., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie Avengers: Infinity War ?, It was all right. I don't think I saw the whole thing., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, All the characters, I guess I liked Loki., please give me one more reason, Well it was fantasy. I like the fantasy element., Do you like the movie Doctor Strange ?, No., Why do you dislike this movie? 2 reasons please, I didn't see it, and I don't recall it., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie Ocean's Eight ?, Yes., It came out last year., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, It's a Christian movie, and it's clean., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. What kind of movies do you like?, comedy movies, Why do you like those kinds of movies?, They're really entertaining, and they make me laugh., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Billy Madison, What did you like about it?, It's funny, and the storyline's pretty good., can you tell me about it? I've never seen it, Its about a guy that proves to himself, and his father, and friends, and family that he can go back to school and succeed., ok. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, Probably Titanic., why didnt you like Titanic?, It just wasn't the genre of movie that I like., anything else?, No. I mean, it it just wasn't really the kind of movie I like to watch., Ok. What about Wonder woman, did you enjoy that?, Yeah. That's really good., So we're super hero fans?, Yes, I'm a superhero movie fan., why do you like super hero movies?, The storyline I can relate to, and they're really entertaining., can you please tell me more?, I like how engaging they are., anything else?, No., ok thanks for the input What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I really like dramas. I don't like every single drama but I do like that that they can take sort of a slice of life and make something special out of it. Dramas are usually the most realistic and the most ordinary type of movies that you can go and see. So, there are makers who can make something special out of sort of an ordinary is quite an accomplishment and enjoyable to watch., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Sure. Good Will Hunting is one of my favorite movies., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Sure. The cast is excellent. The writing is superb. It is really It was so original and so insightful for who the characters were. Very And the movie was incredibly endearing and incredibly touching., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Sure. I don't like the Titanic., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., Sure. It is an epic film, and to me, it doesn't do well with its epicness. It is rather ordinary, and the two main characters, while likable, would have been better suited for something of a smaller scale, despite the overall grand nature of the story they were trying to tell in the historical aspect. And the other thing is that it just, It's It's so such a over hyped movie and it's just, I don't know, ordinary. It's not something that's overly enjoyable and it's nothing that you want to keep watching over and over again. It having a good soundtrack or two likable characters out of, I don't know, a hundred isn't something that you should should get loaded over so much., Do you like the movie Insurgent?, I do., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., Sure. Insurgent is a sequel to Divergent and it I like the first one and the second one is very good. It is a good a really good continuation of the of the story and it's a a nice sort of second look into the characters that we met the first time but in a really showing them in a completely different not a completely different make but in a different light that we saw, first one In the first one they were battling for something competitively different than in the second one even thought they are related, so it really did carry a long the imagery well. It was very enjoyable., Do you like the movie Interstellar ?, I haven't seen Interstellar., Have you heard of this movie?, I have., Would you go see it?, I would, but it's probably something that I would It's more likely that I would see with a friend who wanted to see it more than I did., Do you like the movie Solo: A Star Wars Story?, Yeah, I I like Star Wars movies. Yes., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., Sure. It is Star Wars mythology and the world that they create is really something special, and this definitely continues that. The other thing is that it's just It's quite a world that they've created, so it's exciting. So it really is a nice escape, and it's incredibly detailed, so it helps to sort of create this other world. It's a lot to follow, but it is enjoyable., Do you like the movie Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice ?, It's not my favorite. No., Why do you dislike this movie? Please give 2 reasons., Sure. I think it was poorly thought out. I think the So I think it was poorly thought out, and the writing, because it was poorly thought out, suffered. Like they didn't They knew they were trying to do a movie that included both characters, so they were trying for something interesting, but they didn't have anything that really connected them that warranted making a movie., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., Thanks. You, too. What sort of movies do you like?, I like dramas., Have you seen the Shape of Water?, Yes., What did you like about that movie?, I like the fantasy aspect of it and it's just like a different world that was fun to watch., What is a movie that you have seen recently that you really liked?, Cameron The Miseducation of Cameron Post, And what was the reason that you liked that movie so much, I think it was fun because I'm in a gay community and I think it was an accurate interpretation of what's happening. And how it goes about how I believe that, the rightness of coming out., What about a movie you have seen recently that you didnt like, I did not like Sorry to Bother You., What didn't you like about it?, I thought it was inappropriate, and it wasn't realistic, and it just made me feel weird. I thought it could have been really simplified., Have you seen Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?, Yes, I have. I loved it., What didnt you like about that movie, No, I loved it. There wasn't anything I didn't like. What kind of movies do you like to watch, My favorite kinds of movies are romantic comedies., can you name a specific movie that fits that category, and tell me why you like that movie type, Sure, like, Notting Hill it is, Sort of heart-warming and funny, and it has a happy ending. And the romance is always fun to watch develop and play out. I really like the lightheartedness and the comedy of the movies. I There's sort of enough bad things going on in the world, that I don't need to watch a ton of it in a movie. So, I like lighter, funnier comedies, and romantic comedies are my favorite kind of, thanks so much. how about a movie that fits that movie category that u didnt like, and describe what factors you didn't like about that type of movie., Sure. So like Love Adores is a easily one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. It is It has actually a very good cast, but the script and whatever they are trying to do in a movie is so flawed. That one is an approach where they have two women who are sort of friends and they are traveling together and they're, embarking on sort of a new part of their life, but to say it doesn't work is an understatement. It's It's very bizarre. It sort of starts as like a romantic comedy and turns into a bit of a thriller, which It's based on a book, and I never read the book, so I don't think that's how the book turns out, but it's completely unexpected and not how they sold the movie. And So that was bad writing, really bad directing, and just a bad idea in general, despite having, Sort of a well known and trustworthy cast to pull it off, but you can't pull off something that's this bad., thanks for the description on why you didn't like that movie type. have you seen the movie to all the boys i've loved before, I have., did you like that kind of movie, I love that kind of movie., why is that, That's more like a teen movie, another favorite genre of mine. I love teen movies. They are sort of like They actually are almost, in many ways, either a mini comedy or a mini romantic comedy. Except, because they're teen-focused, they are even more simplistic, because they, you know, they're young, they only have so many things going on, you know, it'll be it's like sort of, you know, their problems are limited to, Mostly boys' school, girls', maybe getting into college, that kind of thing. But, they don't have a a ton of real life problems going on. So, it's pretty simple. And So But, there's still a lot you can do. And it's good for the audience because we all had to go through that time, so it's something easy to look back and laugh on. But, yeah. In the movie in particular, unknown to me, the girl who stars in it was really good. And really the, The movie felt really original, so it was a welcome surprise. What kind of movies do you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like action movies because they get me hyped and pumped up., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Die Hard, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I enjoyed the acting story and the type of characters in the movie itself., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I didn't enjoy Casino very well., What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., I thought that the movie was just way too long and the story was too complicated of all., Do you like the movie Interstellar?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I thought the special effects were fantastic, and I thought the acting overall was very believable., Do you like the movie Rambo: First Blood Part II ?, Yes I do., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I really enjoyed the action scenes and I thought the story was excellent overall., Do you like the movie Forrest Gump?, Yes, I do., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I thought the story and characters in the movie was great overall., Do you like the movie Avengers: Age of Ultron ?, Yes, I do., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I really enjoyed the special effects, and I like seeing the the mixture of different type of characters in this movie., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., You too, bye. hello, Hello., What kind of movies do you like?, Dramas, mostly., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, If they are written well then the story and the character are usually engaging and I find it to be a good exploration of the human condition., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Yeah, Her., What did you like about that movie?, I loved that it was I mean, even in a somewhat not too distant future or whatever, with a lot of technological convenience and you know, relative prosperity, that people can still end up alone somehow. I think that's incredibly valuable and worth exploring., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, Sure. Let's say the 50 Shades series. I didn't like any of those., How come you did not like those?, I thought that the I think that the material is terrible. I think that it should not have been green lit either as a book or as a movie. And, I am disappointed in at least American audiences that it has made as much money as it has as a series., did you like the incredibles?, Yeah, I did., nice. How come you like superhero movies?, I Well truthfully, I really enjoy seeing the visual effects and the sound design. I'm always I'm always mesmerized by the things that you know, visual artists and animators are able to come up with. Plus there's sort of an element of I like to put myself in the shoes of a superhero and imagine that I'm them, but I don't get too carried away with stuff like that, usually., thanks for your input, You're welcome., Until next time, Bye Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, I like action movies, Why do you like actions?, Because of the guns., what else?, the scenes, Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Tropic Thunder, What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, the actors and the action., Robert Downey Jr.'s really good in it, and so is Jack Black., Other than the actors and actions, what other 2 things?, The stage set up and the coloring., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I don't like any of the Halloween movies., What are the 2 things that you dislike about halloween movies?, I just don't I they're really cheesy. I think that they could be more fleshed out, better written. I think that a lot of like the things that people like about those movies are the things that turn me off about it., Do you like the movie Christopher Robin?, I haven't seen that movie, so I can't comment on it., Do you like the movie Mission Impossible?, Yeah, I like that movie., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like the action and I like how it was shot., Do you like the movie Reservoir Dogs?, Yes., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like the action scenes, I like the actors, I like the director, and I like how it was shot., Thank you for the feedback. Good night. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like romantic comedies. I like comedies and dramas., Cool, why do you like romantic comedies?, Oh, I can just relate to them. They keep my interest. They make me forget about you know, my real problems in life., I see, is there a particular movie that you like?, Nothing specific. I just really like them all., Well, how about a movie you disliked?, Let me think about that for a minute, I didn't really like., Crazy Stupid Love, that was not a very good movie., Why didn't you like crazy stupid love?, The acting wasn't very good and it wasn't very convincing., Alright, have you then seen Crazy Rich Asians ?, I haven't but I heard it was good., How about Die Hard?, Die Hard I saw it long time ago. Yeah, I've seen that., Was there something you liked or disliked about these kinds of movies?, Well, I really liked the action and the adventure in some of those movies. What kind of movies do you normally watch?, Now I watch a lot of different types of movies, but I like mysteries and thrillers quite a bit., What was the last movie that surprised you?, The last one I watched was called Prisoners., What made the movie surprise you?, It just had an unexpected twist at the end that I didn't see coming., What movie did you see last that was disappointing?, Can't really think of any off the top of my head that I saw recently that were disappointing., Have you seen Bridesmaids?, Nope., Have you seen Ant Man?, Yep., What did you like the most about that movie?, I guess I liked that it was a comic book movie about not a standard like superhero. It wasn't like a Superman or a Batman or like one of the more famous ones. And it had Paul Rudd, and I like Paul Rudd a lot, so that was a plus., Have you seen Aladdin?, Yes, I have., What don't you like about Aladdin?, I can't really think of anything I don't like about Aladdin. I like pretty much everything about that movie. what are some type of movies that you like?, I like drama films, and I also like films about sports, what do you like about dramas?, I like their plot. I like the romance in them., You know, it's interesting you should ask that, because I I really do enjoy the drama films. And they go back to like the core of acting too, like there's not a whole lot of like action in there. Like I really liked About Schmidt. I don't know if you could call that a drama film, but there's a lot of drama in that film., so aside from the drama what else did you like about that movie, The deadpan acting from the lead character is really funny., Well, the film is a lot funnier than people like actually think it is. Some of it Some of it did get a little like over the top like the guy the like before the wedding he took like a ton of prescription pills and like that's not realistic. But it was really really funny., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, Yeah, I didn't like, Jeez, The Bye Bye Man I really didn't like., Just such a stupid idea. I heard one of my co-workers say like, oh, it's a bad film. It's a bad film. It's a really pathetically named film. It's really awful. I'm like, all right, I should go see it. Then. Of course I go see it and it turns out to be absolutely a hot pile of garbage., so your coworker was right then, Yeah, absolutely. She was absolutely right., have you heard of the movie Big Hero 6?, No, I haven't heard of that movie. I don't watch like a lot of new movies, I don't really watch a lot of. I like some of the older movies, but I I really haven't watched movies in a long time., okay. Have you seen the movie Inglorious Bastards?, No, I haven't seen that movie., what about black swan?, No, I haven't seen Black Swan. I've seen, Oh, The Burmese Harp. I saw I saw The Burmese Harp., how was that?, That was a really good movie. That was a piece on when the Japanese invaded I think Indonesia back in the '40s or '50s like during World War II. It follows this guy who like finds this Buddhist monk and they play the harp. There is no real harp in it, but they do sing like Home Sweet Home. It's a period piece, it's really gorgeously done. I thought it was really good. It's dubbed in English. It's not dubbed like it has subtitles in English. I think it's spoken in Japanese., what did you think of the ending?, The ending, oh, the ending was was really good. Like, I think he goes home. I don't think there's like a love interest in the story per se. It's about war, you know, it's about war. And he goes on this beach once. I think it ends it ends on a ship with his like wise Buddhist giving a statement of like He might be reading, no, he's reading he's reading the guys that he's reading the protagonist letter as all the Japanese troops on the ship go home., okay. thanks What kind of movies do you like?, comedy, I like funny movies., What is your favorite comedy?, The Hot Chick., My favorite comedy is The Hot Chick., What is a movie that you recently watched that disappointed you?, A movie that I watched recently that disappointed me? That's a hard one, I have to think about that. Maybe the movie Samson., What did you dislike about it?, How they treated Samson so badly., Have you seen the movie The Matrix?, The Matrix. I've seen bits and pieces of it. It's pretty old., What do you not like about The Matrix?, It's not that I don't like. I just never really got into it. I've only seen bits and pieces. I mean, Keanu Reeves is pretty good looking., What's there not to like?, Have you seen The Hunger Games?, I have seen The Hunger Games. I have watched The Hunger Games. Can you tell me what types of movies you enjoy watching?, drama, fantasy, documentaries. Sometimes family, but that's about it., And what do you like about those types of movies?, The storytelling if it's pretty good. I like how detailed and creative that people can get with different characters and different plot making, so I think you can really make up a lot of stuff., Alright, what’s one of your favorite movies?, Well, Back to the Future, the whole trilogy, I guess., And what was it about those movies that made it enjoyable?, Just the storytelling and the characters and how over time like what happened. Like it was a lot of surprises, and the heroism of the main characters, OK. Now tell me about a movie you didn’t like., I guess Super Troopers, cuz it was kind of one of those movies that the comedy wasn't as good as it could have been, and it was It just really wasn't funny. It was corny and dorky, and how they initiated and executed like you know, just parts of the story of, So it wasn't that great., I see., Have you seen the Guardians of the Galaxy?, Yes. First one., What did you think of it?, I'm I'm glad that they included a lot of the characters that are a part of the comics and But, they could have made the part a little bit better towards the end. I didn't like the outcome and, But the second one is better. But yeah, the first one was kind of I didn't really care., I saw bits I saw more bits of the second one. I didn't see all of it, but from what I saw, it was better., Ok. And have you seen A Space Odyssey?, I've not seen the Space Odyssey., Have you heard of it?, No., I don't think I've heard of that., Alright, What about the Justice League? Have you seen that one?, I haven't seen that one yet., I heard the end of it wasn't that great., Like Spider-Man dies or something., Aw, man! So not very interested to see it?, Not really. I'm more interested in like the single comic book characters like Batman, like Dark Knight. I saw those. Superman one was okay. Like Man of Steel., Captain America, Fair enough. What did you think of Captain America?, I like I like how they built up the story and how he went to the army and just the cinematics of it was very good., I agree!, It went into more details in his story., They were like like the new Spider-Man: Homecoming I think with the the kind of I don't know. It was cheesy. It wasn't like more serious, like even the first The second one with Andrew Garfield was pretty good., It showed Gwen Stacy instead of Mary Jane, so but they were still both serious installments., I get it., Well, thanks for being such a good sport and discussing your movie preferences with me today., I enjoyed it. That was pretty good talking about some movies. I hope you enjoy rest of your day., Thanks you as well! What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like action movies. They are sort of exciting, usually fun and really quite an escape from, you know, your real life. It's usually not something you are going to be encountering. So it's really an experience you are not going to be you can really embrace yourself and and not think, "Oh, this is real life and it's about to happen." So it's it could be a lot of fun, very exciting, And sort of a real thing you can immerse yourself in for a few hours., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Sure. I love Bourne Ultimatum., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Sure. Bourne Ultimatum is a excellent movie on literally every front. It is a excellent acting, excellent writing, excellent direction. The direction is usually overlooked but the directing is phenomenal and it helps make the movie absolutely perfect. It is a very tight movie. There is barely a a a second that is wasted., and I don't know. Let's say the movie is like 2 hours or 2 hours and 20 minutes or something. It feels like it goes by so quickly because it's just It has such a rhythm to it, and you're just immersed and involved with what's going on. And it's a character you can root for, and just people you like And this is a continuing series, so you really know the character already, and you're really there to root them on., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Yes, unlike so many I did not like Dark Knight., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., Sure, Dark Knight is a Batman movie, and Batman already had an original, and it's so the problem of Dark Knight for me is is not true to the comic, and we saw a movie that was great and true to the comic. So, I don't like the joker character, it's not that bad. Keith Ledger was bad as the joker necessarily, not exactly, it's that it was not written very poorly. It was so dark., So the two things I really don't like are it wasn't funny which is what the joke was supposed to be and the writing was extremely disappointing and very dark so just it was a a just bad all around for me., Do you like the movie Guardians of the Galaxy?, That's not a movie I have seen, but it's the kind of movie that I would like, that's a superhero movie., Do you like the movie The Purge?, Oh God! No., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., Sure. I don't like horror movies, so I don't like scary things, and I don't like sort of things that are meant to just sort of scare and gross you out, which is what The Purge is trying to do., Do you like the movie It's Christmas, Eve?, I'm not sure I know that movie., Have you heard of this movie?, I don't think so., Would you go see it?, It kind of sounds like something that I would see, yes! It does., Do you like the movie The Nutcracker and the Four Realms?, I like the Nutcracker. I'm not sure what the Four Realms is. I was at the new one. Yes, that would be something that I would see., Do you like the movie Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince ?, No., Why do you dislike this movie? Please give 2 reasons., Sure. First real reason is I am not a Harry Porter reader therefore not really a Harry Porter fan and in general I don't like fantasy movies not a rule but they're not my favorite type of movies., Thank you for your most insightful feedback. Enjoy your evening., Thanks. You too. Awesome, well what kinds of movies do you like?, I really love comedy movies., Well, tell me why do you like comedy movies, You know there's a lot of stress in life and I just like to kickback, put on a funny movie and just laugh a lot., cool, what is your favorite movie, I really love road trip., alright, Why is that your favorite movie, The characters getting in a lot of silly situation and I just pretty much laugh the entire situation., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like, I don't like Paul Blart: Mall Cop., oh, Why not, Didn't really like the main character and just the entire situation of the movie just didn't really sit with me., Ok, then have you seen the movie Johnny English Strikes Again, I have., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, It was really interesting to see a character, completely oblivious in serious situations, and I laughed a lot during the movie., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye.. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I like the really like the thrillers, you know, stuff like Memento or you know, something that's got some twists and turns in it. Maybe it makes you think it's going to end one way and then ends the other. I like The Sixth Sense or that Gone Girl was pretty good, even though it was kind of, It was kind of easy to tell it was going, but it was still still pretty good. Also trying to think of another one., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Yeah, The Usual Suspects, because Mainly because I really When I watched it the first time, it's one of those movies that you can't really I mean, you can watch it more than once, but you The first time you watch, you won't know the twist, so it really kind of grabs you. And with that one, I really didn't have any clue. I mean, usually you might have some kind of inkling of what's going to happen, but with that movie to me, it just really kind of grabbed me, and I was like, man, It left me kind of speechless at the end., What did you like about that film?, I liked that I didn't I couldn't predict the ending of it. You know, like I said just a second ago. You know, it was really a unique movie, and you know, just had a a great ending that you really just did not expect at all., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I wasn't a huge fan of the Harry Porter movies. It's not that I didn't enjoy them so much, it's just, I don't know, I just wasn't I never read the books I guess I just wasn't as interested in them as everybody else. I actually, I don't think I've seen all of them to be honest. I never watched the first couple., What didn't you like about those films?, Oh. I don't know. It's nothing really particularly You know, not any one particular thing. To me, they were just kind of boring and I don't know. I mean I It's odd because I generally like those kinds of types of things, but to me something I guess maybe if I would have read the books as a kid, then I would probably you know like it more. But it just wasn't all that interesting to me., Have you heard about the movie Get Out?, Yeah, I actually haven't seen it. I'm not a big horror movie kind of guy, either. But I heard it was good. I probably will watch it. Like I said, Would you go see the movie Get Out?, I might Netflix it. I didn't go see it when it was out, or I don't know. You know, now that you're saying it, maybe I should go to the box and rent it tonight, cuz I'm pretty sure it's up there. But I had heard it was good. It just didn't, It's just not my kind of thing, really., Did you see the movie the movie Overlord?, Is that the one, With the Nazis and zombies, I think. If it is, I haven't seen it. I think I saw the preview for it at something I went to not too long ago. Yeah, it's not generally something I would probably go to the movies and see. But I would probably I think it was either directed by Eli Roth or If it's the one I'm thinking about, or he was a producer. So I probably would watch that one, but no, that's not something that I would go to the theaters and see., Have you heard about the movie Thor?, Yeah, I saw that. I've seen all the Thors. I like it. The last one I thought was really good, probably the best of all of them., What did you like about that kind of movie?, Just the hero kind of thing and you know I like the moral universe movies, they are really good, See you later, Goodbye. What kind of movies do you like?, Maybe sci-fi and action, probably my two favorites., Why do you like sci-fi?, I don't know. It tends to be I guess the most interesting to me. It's difficult to explain exactly why that would be. But I'll think of something else. I'm interested in future and technology, so perhaps it relates to that., Is there a particular movie that you like?, The Matrix jumps to mind., Why did you like the matrix?, It was really good, the action was great, the dialog was good but most importantly the concept was pretty unique and interesting and, Nice, how about a movie you did not like?, I have never really liked any horror movies, with possibly one exception for The Ring, which was pretty good. But for the most part I would pass on all those., Why don't you like horror movies?, They are just terrible, I don't understand why anyone would like them. Why would you want to scare yourself?, Well, then have you seen the movie Deadpool?, Deadpool I think had a couple of sequels. I think I saw the first one, but I'm not sure if I'm getting it confused with one of the later ones., Ok, what was it about deadpool you liked or dislike?, It was okay. I didn't have any particular opinion about it honestly. It was kind of edgy I guess in a kind of new way, but I wasn't a huge fan to be honest. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like comedy and action, sci-fi, animation, and horror movies., Why do you like action movies?, They get you into them that you feel involved in the movie when you watch it., Is there an action movie that you liked?, Right now am watching Skyscraper., And I liked the the Marvel movies as well., What is it about Skyscraper that you liked?, I haven't seen all of it yet but it looks interesting., Ok, how about a movie you do not like?, I don't like too much the medieval movies, you know and stuff like Harry Potter. I wasn't that big into and and stuff from that age in time., well, Do you not like fantasy movies?, It depends what the fantasy movies are about., And I'm not into Western movies, either., ok, have you seen Inception?, No, I haven't seen that one, yet., Have you heard of it?, Yes., Do you plan on watching it?, I might get to it eventually., It seems interesting., Ok, have you seen Ocean's Eleven?, No, I have not seen that one., Have you then seen black panther?, Yes, I like that one. That was good., What is it about thee kinds of movies did you like?, They make you feel involved in the movie, and you're interested in watching them. You don't get bored, and you don't feel like you want to get up and and do stuff around the house, or anything., and what about it do you dislike?, I guess just ones that are kind of boring and make you wish you were doing something else instead of sitting there watching it., Awesome. thank you for sharing.good bye What kind of movies do you like?, I like action movies., Any other types?, I like romance movies., Is there a movie you really liked?, Let's see. I like The Terminator., Okay. What stood out to you the most?, What stood out to me the most was the time travel., What else did you like about it?, I also like how machines are as smart as the humans., Anything else?, No, that's it., Alright. Can you name a bad movie?, I think I like all the movies I watched., Did you like The Avengers?, Yeah. Yeah, The Avengers, yeah, it was pretty good. I liked it., Great. What did you like about that kind of movie?, It was There was a lot of superheroes and action in the movie, and a lot of fighting, and that was fun to watch., Is there something else that stands out about this kind of movie?, I don't think so., Alright, did you like Dunkirk ?, I didn't watch it., Okay. Do you want to see it?, I don't know what it's about., ok. how about Birdman, Never watched it., ok, how about Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Yeah, I watched that I watched that before. I liked it., Great. What did you like about that kind of movie?, I like the magic and the fantasy genre, and the setting., Got it. Is there anything else that came to mind about this kind of movie?, Not really. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I really like superhero movies., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Yes. I would say, X2, like X-Men 2 is probably my favorite of the superhero movies., What did you like about that kind of film?, Superhero movies are sort of like action films but with a different storyline, a different lore, based off of the comic book, so it has The movie has great action, but also for a very kind of important and engaging storyline, and really well-developed characters. That's the big difference about superhero movies and regular action, is the, are incredibly well-developed because of the source material, so it makes for a very interesting movie. Usually very entertaining, very engaging, and a great escape., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I'm not a big fan of Captain America., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, I don't really like the colors of the movie. I found them too I found the movie boring and the colors to add to the boringness. I think in general he's just not my favorite superhero, but it's made worse by just how sort of mundane everything about him is and how in comparison especially to other movies. It's not that exciting, so I don't know it's just sort of, every time I try to watch it, I fall asleep. It It's It just bores me., Have you heard about the movie Venom?, Yes., Would you go see the movie Venom?, I think I would, especially if a friend wanted to go and see it. I think I would., Have you seen the movie Iron Man?, Oh, yes. Of course., Did you enjoy this kind of film?, Yes. Iron Man is one of my favorites, superhero or otherwise. It is great casting, really exciting and fun scenes and fun and exciting action, so it really works. The weakest part of the story line is the first half hour, and on a rewatch, it makes way more sense than it did on the first time I watched it, so I just enjoy the entire movie now., Until next time, Bye. I’d like to discuss your movie preferences. Ok?, Okay., I personally like dramas., What was the last movie that you watched that you enjoyed?, the looking glass, What did you like the most about that movie?, I love the plot, the acting was superb, the direction was pretty good, I like the writing, and altogether, the reception that it had in reality., What about a movie that you didn't like?, I did not like Halloween., What didnt you like about Halloween?, I don't like bloody movies and that one it's also like seeing really fake to me. If it's going to be a horror movie it needs to be based in reality., Have you seen Forrest Gump?, Yes., Yes, I have., What did you not like about Forrest Gump?, I thought it was pretty not a real story that could really happen, and I don't like how they mixed up the reality with the fantasy., Thank you for your input, have a nice day can you tell me what types of movies you like?, Yeah, I like horror movie and action movies., ok, what about those genres do you like?, There's incredible There's guns, action, excitement., ok, can you name a specific film you liked?, Saving Private Ryan is one of my favorite movies., what about that movie specifically did you like?, It It was an epic depiction of world War II., ok, can you name genres of movies you don't like?, musicals, why don't you like musicals?, They annoy me. I like movies that have a theme that isn't being sang., ok, can you name a specific movie you didn't like? it doesn't have to be a musical but it can be, A specific movie I didn't like?, The newest Ghostbusters in 2016., ok, why didn't you like that movie?, got it, you feel like it didn't live up to the original movie?, Yeah, that's correct., ok, can you tell me have you seen star wars: the last jedi?, Yes. It was fantastic. I enjoyed it because I loved the spaceships, and I loved all of the the characters of Star Wars. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like all kinds, but I really particularly like drama you know, like feel good movies. You know, Something like Forest Gump. Something with a good story and you know, it just kind of leaves you with a good feeling at the end., Why do you like dramas?, You know, it's just the escape of it all, and a good drama has just enough reality in it to, to, you know, make you think it could happen to you, you know, it's kind of believable. It's not like a lot of the fantasy, we totally like some of those too, but, you know, it's the drama you can almost picture yourself in the movie a lot of times or people you know and stuff like that. Kind of easy to relate to., What was it about Forest Gump that you liked?, How he kind of fell into all that stuff that he did, like he didn't really plan it. He just It just kind of happened to him. It's hard not to like that movie., Well, would there be a particular movie you did not like?, I don't know about a particular movie. I'm not a big fan of documentaries, usually. I mean, unless it's like Some of these true crime ones are kind of good. Like Making a Murderer, but it's not a movie, but it's you know, a series. Something like that is is I do like those, but just not Some of the other ones. You know, I'm just not a big fan of watching animals or, You know, rain forest and stuff like that., I kind of like you know You know, just regular type movies., So, have you then seen die hard?, I've seen all the Die Hards. I think there's a new one coming out. And even though the last one really wasn't very good, although it did have Timothy Olyphant in it, I will definitely see the the next one. I'll keep watching them probably as long as they make them, cuz they're just so fun. It's a Christmas movie, you know, the first one., What was it about die hard you liked or dislike?, Well, the first one's Just the story was You know, I mean it was kind out there, but it was Bruce Willis probably the main reason I like them. I'm a fan of his, and the first one was just very clever, and the dialog and you know, the quippy remarks, all the crazy stuff that he did. It was just a fun movie to watch and, You know, mainly coz they are fun they're just fun movies. I mean you know they could nothing like that could ever happen but its just fun to watch it on TV or on the screen., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. good bye I’d like to discuss your movie preferences. Ok?, Yes, I like to watch action movies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They're fun. They're exciting., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Die Hard, What did you like about this movie?, I liked the end., fact that Bruce Willis's character was a real person, not a comic book character or anything like that, just a real guy in a difficult situation., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I enjoy all types of movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, No. There is no type of movie that I don't like. I watch anything., Have you seen The Shawshank redemption?, Yes, I have., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, Well, the entire thing was great. Just very well plotted, well written, clever. Morgan Freeman was great in it. I'd love to see it again., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! what kind of movies do u like watching?, I like watching both war movies and documentaries., awesome. can u name a movie that fits one of those categories that u really enjoyed?, I would say, The King of Kong, The Fistful of Quarters, that was a pretty good movie., what qualities about that movie did u enjoy?, I enjoyed that it was something that was a bit obsecure. Like when most people when they think of video games they're not thinking Well, most people are not thinking of arcades. So, when I think of a video game documentary, I don't think of arcades games. I don't think of, competitive arcade games, so that kind of shone some light on on that whole scene that I'd never knew existed. And you know, it was pretty cool. Like they even You know, I they kind of dramatized it a little bit, which, I mean, was whatever. But it was also kind of a nice twist because it it made it a little more entertaining, without necessarily, Overdoing anything?, thanks for sharing. can u give the name of a movie that u didn't like that fits the categories u mentioned?, I didn't care too much for The Wizard of Oz. Just because it, I get that it's an old movie so like I understand. It comes from a different time but it just didn't really resonate with me all that well., what about the movie didn't u like, I didn't like the cliche plot line which, again, I'm sure at the time it wasn't cliche because it's such an old movie, but like to me nowadays just kind of seemed cliche. It was, I don't know. Just like I said, it didn't really resonate with me. It's not to say it was a bad movie. I just didn't really like it., it helps me to learn more if i know specific reasons why it didn't resonate with you. for example, the costuming, or the story line, Yeah. The story line wasn't all that great to me. The costuming, yeah. That was shaky at best. Which again, I know it's an old movie, but, It just seemed a little weird, out of place at how badly done it was compared to today's movies. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like action movies and comedies., awesome, why do you like action movies?, Because of the guns and the fast cars, the cool actors., They are extremely interesting. They're never boring. They're always fast paced. That's why I like action movies., Is there an action movie you like?, Yes, I like the action movie Twister., Why did you like the movie twister?, Because it was relevant to actual things that are that are actually happening, natural disaster, something that we face every day. It was realistic, that's why I liked that movie., alright, how about a movie you did not like?, I did not like the movie Deep Impact. It was overdramatic., What was it about the movie deep impact you did not like?, It was extremely overdramatic and it wasn't very realistic., And that was the biggest reason that I didn't like the movie, was that it was not realistic., So, have you then seen Forrest Gump?, What was it about these kinds of movies you like?, Forrest Gump was a very emotional movie. It had a character that was you could cheer for and root for, and you hoped he would succeed. I think that's what I like the most about Forrest Gump, is it was a very true and authentic story. It was a beautiful story., Ok , thank you for sharing What type of movies do you like?, I enjoy family, fantasy and mysteries., why fantasy movies?, I just like the fantasy part where you can enjoy watching something that is not common or doesn't really happen and the idea of that being able to happen one day., What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies was something I watched as a child and it's still is one of my favorite movies The NeverEnding Story., Why?, I just thought it was a great movie, it was a good family movie. There was nothing unclean in it, makes you use your imagination. It was interesting and fun., What type of movies do you not like?, I do not like musicals., why not?, I just don't like that type of When I'm watching a movie, I just mainly want to watch a movie. I don't enjoy the that type of singing, and it has it too often in a movie for my personal preference., have you seen the movie Twilight?, I have., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, I liked the supernatural part of it, the vampires and that fantasy part of the movie. And there was also a bit of a love story in it. I enjoy that., what did you think of the movie Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?, I thought it was a good movie it has a lot of magical and, things in it that, So, it's fun to think about that kind of world., okay. thank you, Thank you. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like comedies a lot., What do you enjoy about them?, They're just funny, and they make you Like if you're in a bad mood, they help you feel better. They're just really like enjoyable movies to watch., Really good reasons to enjoy them, What movie from that genre do you enjoy?, What did you like about it?, I mean, it's just It's one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, and it's really quotable, and has Bill Murray and Rodney Dangerfield and Chevy Chase. It's just a really good movie. It's really funny., It seems like a strong cast for a comedy movie, definitely seems enjoyable, Are there any type of movies that you dislike?, I'm not a big horror movie person., What don't you like about them?, I think it's mostly just how much they use jump scares. Like if there's horror movies that don't use jump scares that only use one or two I fine with it, but I hate jump scares. I need horror movies that rely on them. I can't stand watching., Is there a particular movie that you dislike?, I saw the Santa Claus. For real the kids and I hated that movie. That was the first thing that came to mind., What did you not like about it?, It wasn't funny and it just wasn't a good Christmas movie. Ideally I like Christmas movie and I like the first Santa Claus. I never saw the second one, but the third one was just awful., Have you seen the movie Frozen?, No, I have not., How about Aladdin?, Yeah, I've seen Aladin., What did you like or not like about it?, That's one of my favorite Disney movies. It's funny, and the music's really good. It's just I don't know. It's a movie I always like watching. It's always enjoyable., Thank you for your feedback!, Goodbye, See you. Hello., Hello there! Mind if I ask a few questions about movies?, Sure, go ahead., What kind of movies do you like? Any specific genre?, I like sci-fi., Is there a movie you can name that you really like?, I really like the movie Inception., And can you tell me what you liked about those types of movies?, I like I like how they portray a world that could be our own. You know It's not exactly fantasy, because it could actually be It could actually happen in our near future. You know, I just feel like I feel like I could get lost in the movie, in the story line and I just forget about my own boring life., Thanks! Your details are awesome., Thank you. Thank you so much for that., now that I know what movie you like, can you name one you don't like? What would be last on your list?, I really I don't like romantic comedies. I really don't like that movie Maid in Manhattan with Jennifer Lopez. I think it's such a bad movie. It's not funny. It's not entertaining at all., It was I just found it really boring and generic and just I wasn't interested. I was just really bored., Thanks for that. By any chance, have you seen the movie the shape of water?, Yes, I have, and I did not like it too much. It was I found it to be weird. I found it to be really, really weird., Why not?, This wasn't what I expected it to be, it was weird and a little bit gross., It wasn't what I was expecting nor hoping., Yeah, that's what I was thinking. I agree with you., By any chance, have you seen whiplash?, Yes, I have. I was pleasantly surprised with that movie. I I watched it knowing that it received a lot of Academy Awards nomination, and you know, I sat there with a open mind, and I really enjoyed it. I really liked it., Awesome. Thank you so much for your input! It helps tremendously. I appreciate it. Have a great day!, You, too. Bye-bye., Goodbye Hello. What is a movie that you particularly like?, Yeah, I'm a big fan of um I saw E.T. I saw that a long time ago, but I really like it Oh, I saw The Iron Giant a long time ago, too., It was just some of the movies I remember from my childhood, and I really like those. I think they're really cool., What do you like about the Iron Giant, You Know, The animation style is good. It was a very touching story. I remember watching on VHS with my parents, and we would always have popcorn with it and, We would watch that and, That was a good movie. The ending was good., But yeah, I mean, I like I just saw a Mr. Rogers documentary too, and I thought that was really really cool., Do you like Documentaries?, Yeah, I do. I really do. I like the documentary, I've seen the Planet Earth documentaries a little bit, and I've definitely watched those, and I saw those on the science channel. I like the the nature documentaries. I like those. I like going out and seeing stuff. I was just in Phoenix, and I saw the botanical gardens down there, and they were gorgeous. It's a gorgeous place down there., What movie was the last movie that surprised you?, That's a good question, asking me what surprised me. I would say, Stockholm Pennsylvania, and it was really surprising to see how closely he touched the children and how much they like bonded with him, even as adults., So yeah, that was what's surprising about that., Do you like horror movies?, You know, I just watched I just found a movie I watched a long time ago called death metal veins, and it's about these heroin addicts who are in like a Satanic band, and I thought that was a really good movie. It was very I needed a shower afterwards. Like people in their insanely like like It's incredible, with the people you'll live with on this Earth, you know? It's incredible to see like all the suffering and stuff in that. That was pretty creepy., And plus like it was it was shot like the people were actually I think I think the people were actually shooting heroin like I couldn't tell what parts were scripted and what parts were unscripted., So yeah, in generally I like horror movies., Did you see The Shape of Water?, If you ask me anything from 2018, like I probably haven't seen it cuz I just don't go to the movies. I've never heard of it before. I never heard of it., What made you not watch that?, Yeah, I heard it was at the Oscars or some awards show., But I usually don't go out and spend my money at at the movies., What about Jurassic World?, I haven't seen that, either. I think I have seen Jurassic Park, though, and vaguely remember Jurassic Park, and I thought that was a good movie. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, Sometimes I really like sand and sword period pieces., I like them because you know, they usually have some sort of like historical content to them, and they're usually action-oriented, too., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Probably the best one that comes in mind is Ben-Hur., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Oh, it's totally epic. I mean, it's really like this incredible story that follows follows one man as he goes on an adventure, basically. I mean, it's It's tragic too, along the way. There's so many parts to it. The chariot race in it though is really memorable., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Let me think for a second, about a movie I did not like. Yeah, I don't know if I was really that big of a fan of Demolition Man., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., Well, I thought the castings were kind of over the top, and I thought that the I thought that the story was kind of corny. It really felt forced., Do you like the movie Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb?, I know of the franchise. I can't remember if I've seen it or not. I think I saw the first one in the series, but I don't remember how it goes., Would you go see it?, I would possibly see that if I was in the right mood. It seems light and fun., Do you like the movie Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2?, I liked both Vol. 1 and Vol. 2. I thought they were both really well done. I like I really like the ending to Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I really liked how they treated the the character's father at the end. And I really liked just the humor. The humor of the movie was it was pretty funny all things considered., Do you like the movie The Purge?, You know what? I don't like that movie at all. I thought it was Yeah, I did not like it., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you dislike this movie?, Yeah, I mean the biggest reason for me is that it sort of sets up this premise where it's like it's legal to kill people or do whatever you want on a particular day, but it doesn't really You know, it doesn't really say there aren't consequences to your actions. So it's kind of like a It's kind of like a It's kind of like a stupid premise, you know? I just don't think it's realistic. And I also, think that like you know, the the part of the plot really didn't work well. Hello., What type of movies do you like?, I like action movies and science fiction movies., why do you like action and science fiction?, Well, they are exciting and I've always liked science fiction, I like the imagination, the fantasy and all., i definitely see that. so you like movies that have good lore?, Yes. Yeah, I like, You know have some excitement, and some other worldly adventures going on, It keeps me from getting bored., Do you like movies like The Matrix?, Oh yeah, The Matrix I love The Matrix. I love the whole series it was great., what about movies like Aliens?, Yeah, aliens was was okay. It was good. The first Alien was even better, I thought. I think that was a classic., What's one of your favorite movies?, I'd have to say Interstellar., why is that?, Well it's a very thought-provoking movie and great sci-fi, but with a touch of possibility, and it's relevant to the world today., what did you think of the ending. personally i thought it was sad, Well it was a little sad, yes, but actually, you know for the future of mankind, it it held some possibilities anyway. And I would have liked liked it if the movie had continued, so we could see what happens next., What type of movies do you not like?, Romance and drama., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, Oh, that bored me. You know, I need action, and drama can be a little bit boring,, I can't think of another word much better than that., okay. thanks for your help What type of movies do you enjoy?, I enjoy comedy movies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They're funny. I love being in I love the laughs so, yeah., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, This is the end, I guess?, What did you like about this movie?, Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, romantic comedies or just romantic movies in general like those, What about these movies is unappealing?, Just corny, and I don't like it., Lovey dovey kind of movies., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Not really., Have you seen Stepbrothers, Yes, I have seen Stepbrothers., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, It was hilarious. It's one of the best movies in the comedy genre., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, Thank you. What type of movies do you like?, I like several different types of movies., such as?, I liked the film Black Swan, which is a drama., ooh, black swan was a good movie, I agree., what did you like ab out it?, I really enjoyed the ballet in it, I thought it was very artistic and it was a story that was dark, but very intense and interesting., what did u think of the ending?, I thought it was effective. It was intense, and it made it a more interesting film., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, I can't think of one of the top of my head., okay. Have you heard of the movie Spirited Away?, Is that an anime film?, yes, Yes, I've heard of it. I believe I've seen it., what did you like about this kind of movie?, I don't generally like anime films but I enjoyed the story, and I thought the characters were interesting, and the direction was really good., Goodbye can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like dramatic movies., ok, what about dramas do you like?, I like how they're all sad, profound., great, can you tell me about a movie you really like?, Forrest Gump, what about forrest gump do you like?, He's just a good guy, and he just keeps on going., got it, so you really liked the character?, Yeah., ok, can you tell me about a movie you don't like?, Yeah. I didn't like Days of Thunder., why didn't you like that movie, It's really cheesy, and I think Tom Cruise is weird., ok, have you heard about about the movie guardians of the galaxy volume 2?, Kind of, I'm not interested. I don't like spaceship movies., ok, got it, how about science fiction as a genre?, Nah its all boring aliens and stuff. Not for me. what kind of movies do u enjoy, I usually end up going to horror movies., can u name a movie that fits that category that u like, I really like The Witch., what qualities about the movie did u like?, It was more of a mystery than it was like a gore movie, as far as horror goes., ok, what about it did u like, I like the setting, mostly. I was always interested in Colonial-era stuff., anything else? it helps me to learn more about movies and things i should look out for, Well. I prefer more cerebral movies, mystery related things. And I don't like things that Panda did, you know, Mass of the Innocents., thanks for sharing. can u now tell me about a movie that is a horror movie that u didn't like, I didn't like Paranormal Activity. Anything found footage just feels wrong to me., why is that, It feels like they're lying to the audience, and I can't get into it very well., ah i understand. going off a tangent here, but have u seen captain america, No, I have not., how about logan, I have., did u like it?, I did., what did u like about it?, I really like the setting in that movie and the overall feel. I had read the comic beforehand., did it compare?, Yeah, it was pretty much spot on, which is what I really appreciated about it. What type of movies do you like?, I really have discovered that I like horror movies a lot more than I thought I did. I'm a I'm a big fan of horror movies., how did u discover that?, Well, it just kind of dawned on me that I really enjoy when there is a good horror movie. So, I guess, you know? It's It has been kind of a long term in the works. There There're a lot of bad horror movies out there, so you know? It's hard for me to find a lot of good ones that I like, but once I have started to watch more, I realized that I'm really into them., what is one of your top horror movies?, One that I saw recently it was called The Witch. It's It was pretty interesting. I I hadn't seen a horror movie done like that before., what else did u like about it?, It's It takes place in on the frontier, so it's kind of a period piece but and and and it doesn't it doesn't rely on the kind of the tradition horror movie tropes too much., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, A movie I didn't like, I did not like the movie Armageddon., why is that? because of the plot?, Yeah, the plot was kind of was kind of silly, and I thought the movie totally went of the rails toward the end. I mean It The premise was okay, and then you know, the buildup of them making the team was good, and then it just kind of was just totally goes off track and doesn't make sense., have you watch the movie Justice League?, I can't remember, I usually see most of those superhero movies. I I honestly don't think I can remember if I saw that one. I thought I did, I don't know I don't know., what about the movie ender's game?, I did see Ender's Game, and I also read the book, and I thought the movie did a good job with the subject. So I thought it was pretty close to how the how the book went., what else did u like about the movie?, I thought the performance of the of the the kids was pretty good. I mean child actors can be sometimes the performance can be not that great, and I thought these kids did a great jobs with their roles. They made it really believable., okay. thank you. What kind of movies do you generally like watching?, I like comedies. I like, Good dramas. Highly rated dramas. And then I like superhero movies., why do u like these types of movies?, Well comedies I like them if they're good, if they're clever, if they're funny. Dramas it usually has to have good a good story, good actors. Superhero movies, I mostly like the Marvel ones that come out, rather than DC. I think they do a good job with the Marvel movies., could u name a movie that fits one of the categories you mentioned, and tell me why you like that kind of movie, Sure. Avengers: Infinity War is a movie that fits fits in the superhero genre. I just thought it was really well done. All the characters are funny and likable. It's a good story, and it all fits together really well., thanks for sharing. could u also name a specific movie that fits one of those categories and tell me why you didn't like that kind of movie?, Yeah. Justice League is another superhero movie. I didn't like it that much., I only like a couple directors of Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman, but I didn't like some of the others. I didn't really find them any interesting. And also, it's a little bit corny it didn't it also didn't fit together very well. I thought the story was not great., got it. have you heard of the movie harry potter and the order of the phoenix?, Yes., Have u seen it?, No., how about the movie spectre, Is that the James Bond movie?, yup, Yeah. I've seen that., did u like this kind of movie, I did like Spectre, yeah., why is that, The story was good, and I liked the characters. I like Christoph Waltz and, I forget the name of the the actress that was in it, but that's good characters, good story all around, good action., what was good about the movie, Well I found the story interesting and kind of compelling, I guess. , And the acting I thought was good, too. It wasn't as corny as some other James Bond movies, or wasn't trite, or anything. He was actually kind of sophisticated., It's kind of what I like James Bond to be. Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, I like classics., You know, I like like Billy Wilder and Preston Sturges, old movies with black and white., Why do you like this kind of movies?, I like well-written screenplays, I like nice cinematography, I like good acting., I like movies that are intelligent and not stupid., Can you name a particular classic that you like?, What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, I like the screenplay, and I like that it is funny., It's funny and it's intelligent., I like the actors, too., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Forrest Gump, What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, It's manipulative and it's boring., Do you like the movie Thor?, I haven't seen it., Do you like Jason Bourne?, I don't know who that is., The Shape of Water?, I haven't seen that one., Do you like the movie Wonder Woman?, I haven't seen it, but I think I would like it. I've read good reviews of it., Why do you think you would like it? Two reasons, please, strong female character lead character, And seems like it has an interesting plot., Do you like the movie Black Klansman?, I haven't seen it, but I want to., How about Despicable Me?, No, I haven't seen it. No, not interested at all, it looks different., What about Mission Impossible?, I don't like Tom Cruise., Neither do I., hahaha, I can go on and on about why...., You don't have to. He's He's annoying., Do you like the movie The Heist?, I don't know anything about that movie., The Godfather?, Yes, that is a great film., What 2 things are great about it?, great acting and, characters that draw you in, Thank you very much for the feedback. Good bye. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I really like teen movies. They're usually They usually combine aspects of comedy and romantic comedy and sort of the best parts of when you were young, so it's usually sort of a light-hearted genre., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Yes. 10 Things I Hate About You is one of my favorite movies., What did you like about that film?, It is, really well acted. It has For a teen movie in particular, it has really good acting, really good writing, and also a very interesting story line. It's actually based off of Shakespeare, so it has more to it in the story line than a typical teen movie might. And it's It's fun. It's funny. It definitely has This one definitely centers around romantic relationships. It has a ton of comedy in it, as well. So it flows really well, but in other interesting way, And the casting across the board is really great., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, Sure. Like I didn't like A teen movie I didn't enjoy? I didn't like Superbad that much., What didn't you like about the film?, So to me, this was a very hyped movie. It was touted as sort of like a a great teen film, and I was let down by it. It's not that it didn't have some funny lines. It did, but for the most part, they were already featured in the commercials. So the movie itself, it came I know it sounds strange to say for a teen movie, but it came across very juvenile. A little too simple. It seemed to be I don't know, going for, what a teen movie what like adults think of what teens are doing. It was very simple and just it's just not that funny it's not something used for a teen movie. I usually love it and I re watch it a million times. I've never re watched Superbad and I have no plans to., Have you heard about the movie High School Musical?, Yes., What would you like about thid kind of movie?, I love singing and I love dancing, so High School Musical would have a lot of that. It would basically be the main thing that it would have, so that part of it would be great and I would be entertained by that part most likely., Talk to you next time, Thank you. Have a great day. What kinds of movies do you like?, Mostly like comedies and documentaries., Well, tell me why do you like comedies, Because I go to the movies to forget about my day to day nonsense, and I just don't want to see anything serious., cool, what is your favorite movie, My favorite is is a little film called Local Hero that was made about 30 years ago., alright, Why is that your favorite movie, I'd say a Bill Forsyth film who made a bunch of smart comedies in the '80s and '90s and I think it's the best work that he did trickily a great performance by Burt Lancaster and Peter Riga., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like, A movie that I don't like. I'm trying to think of one in particular last or recently that that didn't impress me much. I wasn't crazy about The Greatest Showman., oh, Why not?, It was just too over the top and had some working some trendy social themes and I didn't think the music really worked on. It was a bit of hacking and and it was all that wrong., Ok, then have you seen the movie Inception, I'm not sure., Then have you seen Rocky, I saw Rocky years ago when it when it came out, What is it about this kind of movies that you like or dislike?, Well, like I said I I mostly like comedies because it takes my mind off day to day things and I like the documentaries because I tend to just enjoy more factual nonfiction subject matter both in movies and in books., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. what kind of movies do u enjoy?, I love comedy movies. I love a good laugh., can u name a comedy movie that u thoroughly enjoyed?, I don't I'm sure you've heard of it. Office Space., sorry, i'm not familiar with it, That's a shame. You should watch it. It's really funny, and it it embodies and explains the corporate culture very well., i'll definitely put it on my to watch list. what qualities about the movie stuck out to u, How realistic it is in a normal office setting. And the different and specific characters that are present. It was a like a masterpiece that was woven together into something that became timeless., thanks for sharing. and is there a comedy movie u can name that u didn't enjoy as much?, Yeah, I watched Nacho Libre. It's a movie with Jack Black. His movies usually are pretty funny, but it was just not funny. Didn't make me laugh. And I guess because it was about wrestling, it didn't catch my interest., got it, this is a bit of a tangent, but have u seen creed one or two?, I have not., how about wonder woman, Yes, I've seen Wonder Woman., did u like this kind of movie?, Yeah, I like superhero movies. Not all the time. But if it's a really good one, and it's has an interesting plot, then I'll certainly watch it. But I won't be the first one in line to watch it., what makes a good super hero movie to u? besides a good plot, Ah. A lot of action, interesting characters, and it depends on the superhero. There are some that I like, and some that I don't like as much. Tell me what type of movies you like., Action and comedy., Perfect! Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, Chinatown, Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, Has good acting, good plot, and some really good twists and turns., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, I didn't like Pi., Alright. And, what are some things you really don't like about that type of movie?, There was just too many subliminal messages, and it makes the movie hard to follow., Those kinds of movies can be hard to follow., These movies are really hard to follow., So would you enjoy a movie like Crazy Rich Asians ?, Probably not, oh ok. could you tell me why?, It just doesn't seem interesting to me., Let's chat about one more movie. How about Skyscraper ?, No, and reasons why you wouldn't like that?, Too over the top, and it looks cheesy., Got it, thanks so much, No problem. Okay., Talk to you next time could you Tell me what type of movies you like., I like funny movies like Clueless., Is there anything about that type of genre you really like?, it's funny and nostalgic., I particularly like comedies from the '90s., How about one of your favorites?, Clueless, How about something like Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, I did like that film., Is that a genre you watch alot?, Yes., Would you care to elaborate about that genre?, That genre is fantasy., Is there something particular about Fantasy you really like?, I like supernatural that it's different from the every day, unique, unusual., Ok thanks. How about something like Divergent?, I'm not familiar with that film., oh ok... hmm..., what about Forrest Gump, I really liked that film., could you tell me more about what you like and even didn't like?, Tom Tom Hanks is one of my favorite actors., And I thought the story was really great., Let me find one more movie, ok?, Okay., How about Mama mia?, Sure, I would see that film., do you enjoy musicals?, Yes, I do., is there something in particular you could comment about?, I like the the musical, The Sound of Music., oh that's a great classic, I agree., Is it the music or type of music in the movies?, Yes, I like the music in the movies. I also like the combination of music and film together., Ah got it, thanks so much for your time, Thank you. What kind of movies do you like?, My favorites are comedy and horror., Why do you enjoy this genre and is there a specific film?, I just I like to laugh and the one that comes to mind is Tucker & Dale vs. Evil., Is there a reason why you enjoy that movie?, It combines both the horror and the comedy. It's kind of dark., Is there a movie genre you dislike?, More the really romantic I don't mind like romantic comedies, but it's just really tearjerker romantic ones., Is there a specific movie you dislike?, I can't think of one off the top of my head for that, no., Have you seen the movie Searching?, No. What's that?, Have you seen the movie Saw?, Yes., Did you enjoy this film?, Yeah, especially the first one. I I kind of got They got carried away with how many they made, I think. But it was definitely original idea at the time. I enjoyed it., What did you like about the film?, I just say it was current original at the time that there I don't remember seeing anything like that before., Have you seen the movie Friday The 13th?, Yes., Did you enjoy this movie?, Yes., What did you like about it?, Whenever I saw that, I was probably like 13 for the first time, and it just scares the bejeezus out of me. It It was great, especially I like to go camping, so that being out in the woods and stuff, in a cabin, it's really scary., See you later, See you. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I really like foreign movies, just because it's something unique, and I really like it to focus on the story. You know, reading more on the subtitles., I really love horror the most followed by drama., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, I really like Trainer Bastion., What did you like about that film?, The zombies were pretty like realistic and all the characters were really good, it it just felt like a real horror movie., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, Thinking of movie I don't enjoy. I really don't like cheesy horror, so not anything particular just general. I like more serious horror., What don't you like about those films?, Too much comedy., It really detracts from the story and de-escalates the mood., Have you heard about the movie The Nun?, Yes, I have., Would you go see the movie?, I would., Have you heard about the movie Halloween ?, Yes, I have., Would you go see the movie?, Yes, I would., Have heard of the movie The Conjuring ?, Yes. I've heard of the Conjuring, and I liked it very much., What did you like about that kind of movie?, It was really scary. Graphics are really really cool and and it's just a really unique universe., Thanks. See you later Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, Sci-fi movies., Why do you like this kind of movie?, Usually the stories are pretty crazy, lot's fun technology, people flying around, Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Dr. Strange, It had fun magic combined with science type of thing. The story was really good., I love Dr. Strange! What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, great actor, Ditto. Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Bright., What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, The story didn't seem to flow really well. It was kind of hard to get into. Really out there, so they didn't ease you into it. Also, the acting wasn't great., Do you like the movie Dunkirk ?, Never seen it., Do you like the movie Whiplash?, I haven't seen it., Do you like the movie jason Bourne ?, Yeah, they are all right., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Spy movies, so fun-ish story. The action, the fighting scenes were really good. Didn't have much going on besides that, though., Do you like the movie Spotlight?, I don't think I've seen it., Do you like the movie Aliens ?, Yes., Last question: Can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, The acting was really good. The It was pretty terrifying too, at points. And then you know, she fights an alien with a giant robot. That was cool., Thank you for the feedback. Good night. what kind of movies do you like?, Well, my favorite kinds of movies are pretty much maybe sci-fi dramas like The Matrix and Mr. Nobody. I also like comedies a lot, and, Guess some adventure movies are okay., what do you like about these kinds of movies?, can you name a movie that you really liked?, I really liked Mr. Nobody because it told the story of making choices. It had It had like a kid, his parents got divorced. And he had to choose to go with his mom or his dad. And it shows you different different paths that he took. It was three different paths so., Just so like pre-law universities or something., So, that's pretty much with that., nice. how about movies that you don't like, can you talk a bit about them?, I don't like, Let's say I just I I just don't like a lot of family dramas. I don't like a lot of comic book like the like some of the Marvel stuff that's coming out. I don't really like the story telling they're doing with that cuz it's not the same as how they were written back in the '60s like in the actual comic books some of the superhero movies. I don't like reboots. Like they keep rebooting Spider-Man, And I mean it's cool that they're doing that, but I just I just don't like that they're changing up the characters like they're changing the race. I mean I get that there are social quality and going on and, you know, they want people all to be accepted by their change in their character that's in a comic book. There could be a white character changing into a girl, it could be a gender change, or it could be a racial change. It's just not how it went., I mean I'm not saying that you can't do that, but it's not how the story went. Stick to the story. Be authentic, so, I don't I don't really like those kinds of movie like that., And chick flicks, as well., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, Oh, I kind of didn't like Spider-Man: Homecoming a little bit saw a little bit I just didn't like how the characters were developing it wasn't the same as the amazing Spider-Man which was pretty good the one with Tobey Maguire which was Spider-Man 1 2 and 3 with venom like all those were just I thought were all well written and good good directing and characters., And that was lacking in Homecoming., So, it's pretty much that one, too., have you seen aquaman?, I've not seen it, but it actually looks like it's okay. It's kind of kind of looks like they added too much CGI to it, and I'm not a big fun of overusing CGI. I think it's good to use but not that much., Okay., how about pulp fiction?, Pulp Fiction was pretty good. I thought John Travolta did good in it, Samuel Jackson was all right. I think I saw it maybe a couple times. A lot of people say it's a cool classic. I thought Quentin Tarantino did good directing in it, too. So,, what did you like about it?, It was kind of threw you off a lot at times. It was different things going on in the movie., So, that was pretty cool., Okay, we changed to like another another scene and, And it would go to another one. They just had like different things going on, so, A little bit of action, a little bit of comedy. That's about it., nice, well thank you for the chat! What type of movies do you enjoy?, drama, What appeals to you with these type of movies?, the plot and the characters, Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Lone Survivor, What did you like about this movie?, I like the camaraderie between and the people and the smaller unit in the military., I can definitely see how people would enjoy that, Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Romance movies, I don't like., What about these movies is unappealing?, It's too mushy mushy and most of the time it's unbelievable., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I don't like, One of the movies called, I think it's called, Messages Are Waiting, something like that., What do you dislike about this movie?, It's too corny, it's too off the wall., Have you seen Rambo?, Yes., What did you like or dislike about this title?, No, I like the title because it depicts a person who is who can survive on his own and on his own wit for survival., Thank you for your time and have a great day! Bye!, Bye. what kind of movies do you like?, I like action films., what do you like about these kind of movies?, I like sort of nonstop action. The the the action sequences are usually exciting, and fun, and maybe gripping, and intense in a good way. There's usually It's usually quite an escape to watch an action film., nice. can you name a movie that you really liked?, Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of my favorite action films. It's a It's Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and so great cast and this particular action film great cast, great action, great writing with sexual aroma that's paired into it which I really love and it has a lot of great back and forth a really great script which does not always, when you have a great script in action movie, it does make it that much better., what kind of movies do you dislike?, I don't like horror films., what do you dislike about them?, I don't like scaring myself. I don't like the blood and the gore that comes with the horror. I don't like in general just trying to sort of like scare myself to the point of maybe having nightmares later on. That's not something I'm into., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, In general or a horror film? Cuz I don't have horror films that I watch enough to dislike. I just don't watch them., in general, and into this day. It was one of the most baffling movies I've ever watched from what it was supposed to be and what it ended up being. It was terrible., so the acting was good but the story was bad?, I wouldn't say the acting was good, but it did have good actors in it. There was nothing really good about the movie., But the actors are known quantities who are in it, so I wouldn't blame it on the acting. It wasn't there were The actors sort of who are in it are They're award-winning actors, so it was really not the acting., i see. have you seen The Favourite?, No, I have not., I know the movie but I haven't seen it., how about la la land?, Yes., what did you think about this movie?, I thought in a vacuum, it was a good movie. If looking at it just strictly as a If you take exactly what they're doing onscreen, I think it's a very charming, likable movie. Stepping away from it, I think there's a lot of flaws to the movie. There is it's an incredibly white, Caucasian movie for a movie to be about jazz, and be almost completely white, Caucasian is ridiculous., There's the one black guy in it. They have the white guy telling the black guy about jazz, so a lot of things about it don't ring true, but if you are just watching the film and trying to enjoy it for what they put on the screen, it's a very likable movie. What kinds of movies do you like?, My favorites are romantic comedies., Why do you like romantic comedies?, I like that they are funny and a little more lighthearted and have a happy ending., is there a romantic comedy movie that you like?, Yeah. One of my favorites is called The Holiday., Why is The Holiday your favorite?, It has a really really good cast, and it is The writing is great. It's very endearing movie. Actually, surprisingly endearing, and multiple times, and it's just refreshing. It's really easy to watch. I I I watch it every year., Well, is there a movies you do not like?, Yes. The Ugly Truth, that's a romantic comedy I don't like., Why did you not like this movie?, It is billed as a romantic comedy, but it's kind of more a gross out comedy. And it just doesn't work. It doesn't have sort of like the regular elements of a romantic comedy, and it has a more gross out juvenile humor. The lead in Gerard Butler leaves a lot to be desired. It's just It's a bad casting for Katherine Heigl, even though I usually like her, but not in this. It's just It's wrong on so, many levels. It was from start to finish terrible., Interesting, have you seen the movie Bohemian Rhapsody?, No, that just came out, but I know what it is., Do you plan on seeing it?, I'll probably eventually see it. Yes., Ok, have you seen the movie Bridesmaids?, Absolutely. Yes., Why did you like this movie?, It has a really good cast. It's an ensemble cast. A really good cast. Literally, every single casting works, even though at the time they were kind of a little bit more unknown. The writing is very clever, it's a very original, it's also a little more out there. I like more absurd humor, and this has parts of that in it. And it's It was a movie that was more traditionally would have been something that starred men., So it was special that it starred women. What kinds of movies do you like?, I love comedy. I love foreign movies., Well, tell me why do you like comedies?, Because they make me laugh whenever I'm upset. They bring good mood in me whenever I'm down, lonely., They make me laugh a lot., cool, how about a movie you liked?, I liked the movie called the Little Man., So funny. Very funny., Why did you like that move?, Because it's so funny. I can't stop laughing whenever I watch that movie. Even when I'm annoying, I just love whenever I watch it. It's so funny, and it has a cool story line., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, Yes., the Wrong Turn, oh, Why not?, Because it's it has a lot of thriller thing. I don't like watching blood out of people. I don't like watching people being killed. I don't like watch to watch people die and that kind of stuff. I'm scared of seeing people being slaughtered alive. Yeah., Ok, then have you seen the movie Inside Out?, Okay., Yes, I've seen the movie. I've watched it like twice, but I didn't like it. It got me really scared. I couldn't even sleep at night., What is it about this kinds of movies that you dislike?, The thing is that I don't find them interesting at all. All they give me is scared thoughts that I can't even sleep alone in the house, can't walk around the house at night., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. What type of movies do you like?, Musicals., why musicals?, They make me happy, and make me leave the reality of the world, that's so sad sometimes., What is one of your favorite movies?, Into the Woods, what did u like about it?, I like the music. And then the acting was great and the direction., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like um, romantic comedies, why's that?, I just don't think that they have a real authentic representation of relationships., have you seen the movie La La Land?, Yes. Yes, I have., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, I liked that it was a musical and that it was at least fun to watch., Great story telling., have you seen the movie Batman Begins?, Yes., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, I liked the live action and how it was like a real story, but also fun What kinds of movies do you like?, I like musical theatre movies., Why do you like musical theater movies?, I see, is there a particular movie that you like?, A Star Is Born, I like, The story, how it's real life, but it's also in a fantasy. But I like the design and just how it could mean something bad, but it turns out beautiful., Alright, how about a movie you did not like?, I did not like Sorry to bother you., Why didn't you like Sorry to bother you?, The storytelling was just not authentic and real for me, and it just was just not good., So, have you then seen A Dog's Purpose?, Oh no., Have you heard of it?, Yes., How about the movie Crazy Rich Asians?, Yes., what was it about this movie that you liked or disliked, I loved the story and how it can go along with anything., and be good telling for a family. And it was just like really authentic., cool thank you for sharing, Okay. Can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like fantasy movies., ok, what about fantasy movies do you like in particular?, I like that they're acceptable for children to watch, that they're they're not that violent., Lets imagination run. Yeah, those are the several reasons why I like them., ok, can you name a specific film that you really enjoyed?, Toy Story 2., what about that movie did you like?, I just liked the the characters in it. The The kid and the toys and they come to life., And they try to overcome an obstacle and and try an live a happy life, yeah., ok, can you name a movie you didn't like?, Movie that I didn't like. Pokémon: The First Movie I didn't like., what didn't you like about it?, The story wasn't really that good it wasn't really, had a good time. It wasn't the plot wasn't that interesting I didn't I didn't think and it was just like a regular episode of Pokémon, and didn't really captivate me, ok, have you seen the Star Wars movies?, No, I haven't., have you heard about them?, Yes, I have heard about them., does it seem like a movie you would be interested in seeing in the future?, Yes. It would be an interesting movie to see in the future, because I just like the action, just just the shooting, just the violence in it. Do you like movies like When Harry Met Sally or Good Will Hunting or Transformers, I liked Good Will Hunting., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like the most?, I kind of like drama movies in general, but I also like the story seems like it could be something that would happen. And also it's Robin Williams, and I'm a fan of Robin Williams movies., Can you say a little more about that please?, I just think I also just think the acting in the movie is really good, cuz you usually don't get to see Robin Williams in a serious role, so it was neat to see him like that. And also, I like Matt Damon., Anything about this type of movie that you dislike?, Not particularly. I guess some of them in the genre can feel not like they'd be true, like they're too far-fetched, but that's about it., Ok. what about the other 2 movies When Harry Met Sally or Transformers, I've never seen When Harry Met Sally, and I've never seen Transformers, either., what about the movie The Hunger Games or Trainwreck. have you seen any of these?, I have seen the first two Hunger Games movies., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I just think they're interesting stories, and it's just a neat concept, the idea of people being trapped in a place, and they have to kill each other until only one is left., Anything else?, The characters are neat, just to see how they interact and how they deal with the situation that they're put in, cuz it would be hard to imagine yourself in that situation, so it's neat to see how people react., and what is it about this type of movie that you dislike, I guess like The Hunger Games specifically. You can tell it's written for teenagers. There's just a lot of melodrama in it. Just feels like you're friend for teenagers, but it's still a good movie., what about the movie Trainwreck. have you seen it?, I have not seen it., have you seen the movie Bridesmaids?, No, I have not., what about the movie named Inside Man, Nope. I haven't even heard of that., have you seen the movie Goodfellas?, I've seen like 10 minutes of it, but never the whole thing., did you like it?, From what I saw liked it., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like the most?, I like movies about crime or like gangsters and just how people commit crime and the like intricacies of the back end, so how they deal with each other., Can you say a little more about that please?, I guess that's just interesting seeing like true crime I mean I know the movie is not true crime but the way that true crime works in the real world and how mob the mob and the mafia work and stuff like that, Anything about this type of movie that you dislike?, I guess that there is a lot of them, really there used to be. Back in like the '80 to '90, they made a lot of them., Alright. Thank you for the information., Yep., See you later, Bye. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like action movies I like the, What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like movies that are that have, suspenseful and like bring, Lots of action with their hands v body., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li, What did you like about this movie?, I liked it because the woman has like has like super powers and and she can like defeat anyone with her flirty moves that she has and, Just a good conquering evil type of movie. A type of movie I don't enjoy is, Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Pokémon: The First Movie, What about these movies is unappealing?, What I didn't like about Pokémon: The First Movie was that it was the same The same thing as I would do watching a regular episode of Pokemon. It The plot wasn't really direct so I didn't, Have you seen Spirited Away?, No I haven't., Have you seen The Matrix, Yes I have. What about I liked about the Matrix is that it just has super powers that like like played by Keanu Reeves. He just has super powers and can dodge bullets and so much action. And I like his when he wears like those sun glasses and and that trench coat that he has on., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, Thank you. What kinds of movies do you like?, comedy, Why do you like comedy?, It makes me laugh., and think positive thoughts, Is there a particular movie you like?, The Toy, you ever seen it?, Why do you like The Toy?, Well, had Richard Pryor in it for one, that should explain it by itself., It was extremely funny., Cool, how about a movie you did not like?, I didn't like the, Parent Trap, I didn't like that. Not funny., Why not?, It's not funny., You know I didn't like it., Then surely you have seen Home Alone 3, I have seen that. That's kind of funny. I do like that movie., What is it about these kinds of movies that you liked or dislike?, It was funny. A good family movie., Wonderful, than you for sharing Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, I think I like mostly action movies, but I really like things that are character development driven so things have a very pronounced story line., Why do you like these kinds of movies?, I like them because I figure if I want to spend money in order to get into a movie, I want to have something that really resonates with me, something that I can really remember for a long time, cuz I don't tend to re-watch movies, either. So I really want the moviegoing experience to be an actual experience, so it has to be memorable and something where I can really take away something from the character interactions., Wow, great details!, Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I think one movie that comes to mind is Inception, because it has really good action and really good character development, and it has a nice twist at the end. It's not a super big twist, but it is a twist., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I didn't really like [inaudible], what else did you not like about it?, I felt like the overall story was just kind of boring, you know. You go to find the oasis, the oasis isn't there, so you just go back and you take control of the base. So it was really just not overall a gripping story. I didn't really feel like there was too much suspense, and the characters did not really grab my attention too much., Do you like the movie Reservoir Dogs?, I do like the movie Reservoir Dogs., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like or dislike this movie?, Yeah, I like it because it has really great dialog. It was run by a director that I'm a big fan of, Tarantino. It has really good action, and I think the cast is always pure superbly acting. So I think it's a really great movie., Do you like the movie Whiplash?, I've not seen the movie Whiplash., Do you like the movie The Shape of Water?, I like The Shape of Water. It's pretty interesting. It has a nice storyline. It has good acting. Not my favorite movie, but I still appreciate it for what it is., What two things do you specifically appreciate about it?, Sure, I think it has a really interesting sort of character. I mean, who really wants a character who can't really speak, but it was superbly acted by the female character, , so it was a really good attention-grabbing thing in order to get people drawn into the story, and I also like the relationship that the two characters have with each other, the amphibian and as well as the newt lady, so I think it's quite nice and it also has some really good action, some really good tension going on, so I think overall, it's a pretty solid movie., Thank you very much for the valuable feedback. Good bye., Bye What kinds of movies do you like?, I mainly like drama films and maybe like suspense films., Why do you like drama films?, Well, I usually like You know, I enjoy a good movie with a good story. And there's been a lot of good drama movies out lately, so anything that has me escape from reality, and something that draws me in is a great movie., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, I really like Bohemian Rhapsody. I saw this one recently., Why did you like that movie?, I could really relate to the character. His life was very interesting. The acting was great., Well, is there a movie you did not like?, Yeah, a couple of movies I didn't like. Let me think for a moment., Let's Let me think for a moment. There's this movie called The Commuter that was not very good that came out this year., Why was it not good?, I don't think the acting was great. I don't think the plot made a lot of sense. It just was a movie that didn't make a lot of sense and didn't catch my attention., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Kissing Booth, I have not seen The Kissing Booth., Then how about Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom?, Is that I did see. Yes, I saw that one., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I love the adventure of the movie. I like that whole series. It's a little bit like futuristic and, you know, very well acted, and the effects are very good., Thank you for sharing. Good bye. Great. What kind of movies do you like?, I like dramas and documentaries., Is there a movie you really liked?, They are a lot of movies I really liked. I thought The Mansion was really good., Nice. What was your favorite thing about it?, I like the idea of someone who is totally alone, but they they hold out hope for reconnecting with others by keeping others in their mind and solving problems., Was there anything else you liked?, The editing was awesome, and the story just itself was very good, very science-based., Alright. Can you name a bad movie?, A bad movie. I can't think of any titles right now, but there's a lot of bad movies out there., What was so bad about it?, And the plot was really crummy and it just wasn't structured very well. Could have been a good story but it just didn't come together., Have you seen he Incredibles ?, Yes, loved it., what did you like about it?, I like the story of a family of superheroes trying to live a normal life, and I like the animation. I love anything Pixar., Got it. Is there anything else that came to mind about this kind of movie?, No., Alright, did you see Skyscraper?, No., Okay. Do you want to see it?, No., why not?, That's a good example, but I think it's a bad movie., can you give me more details?, It's just not the kind of movie that interests me. It has a really sad part., okay. have you seen The Wife?, no, how about a star is born?, No, I haven't seen that. I'd like to see it., why?, I like Lady Gaga, and I like Bradley Cooper., anything about the kind of movie that makes you want to see it?, Yeah, it's about music, and it's a romance., Okay. Happy movie viewing!, Thanks. What kind of movies do you like?, I'm looking for family friendly kids movie., Why do you like this kind of movies?, It's something I could watch with my niece and nephew., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Coco, What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, It had a good story and it was very bright, like the scenes, very engaging to the eye., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Not in that genre. Maybe Nightmare Before Christmas., What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, It was kinda dark, as in like spooky, and it's very creepy., Do you like the movie Christopher Robin?, Okay, I have not seen that., Do you like the movie Thor?, Yes., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Lots of fun action. The story was fun and it was kind of light-hearted too at the same time. And good music., Do you like the movie Crazy Rich Asians ?, I have not seen that one., Do you like the movie Reservoir Dogs ?, Yes., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Had a great story, really good music. what kind of movies do you like?, I like classic movies and comedy., what do you like about classic movies?, I like the nostalgic feel of them, and the way that classic movies are presented., What do you like about action movies?, i like watching the story unfold. can you name a movie you liked?, An action movie?, any movie you like, I like the first Willy Wonka movie., because it's a classic?, Yeah., what else did u like about it?, I like how everything is made on the set of the movie, and I like the actor who plays the main character for the lead and the as Willy Wonka., you didn't like johnny depp as willy wonka?, No. I do, but the way that the movie is was done like overall with Johnny Depp, like it's very bright and modern-looking and it's It's just a lot different from the classic version of it. So, I prefer the original., what's a movie you don't like?, I couldn't say., I can't think of any., did you like the movie ant man?, I actually have not seen Ant-Man., Did you like the movie Aladdin?, I haven't seen Aladdin either., that's surprising considering it's a disney classic, Oh, the the animated version?, yes, Oh yeah, I've seen it a couple times., did you like it?, Yeah, it's a pretty good movie., what did you like about it?, I like the animation, and I think overall, it's just It's pretty well done. I think that like the the voice acting is pretty good, and I think that like it's all wrapped up together pretty well., i really like the whole new world song, What is that?, it's a song in the movie, Oh, okay., what did you think of the movie frozen?, I don't really like it very much, just because of its reputation. But I've seen like parts of it, and it seems okay., thank you What type of movies do you like?, I like biopics., Why is that?, I like to know about peoples lives but most especially about the ones that I'm a fan of or just like inspired to be like., What is one of your favorite movies?, Bohemian Rhapsody, why?, I like the Freddie Mercury, and I think he's great, and I'd like to just know about everything that's going on with his life. ., It was really great and the music was great., what did you think of the ending?, Well, it was sad because he died, but other than that, I just liked the way that he gave in to the reality., same. i liked the insight into his life, That's pretty spot on., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, I was not big on Let's see, what recently came out?, I did not like Incredibles 2., why?, I don't like animated stuff. Maybe I'm older now. I may I'm too old but like something about it just doesn't sit well with me., what about the plot?, The plot was fine. It just was like I just didn't believe it, you know? I just needed to be more reality., have you watched the movie interstellar?, I have seen it before., what did you like about it?, It was okay, it was fantasy which wasn't that bad but I wish it was better., what could have made it better?, Better acting, better producing, better writing, just like a better budget, maybe, just more action filled., okay. thanks. What type of movies do you like?, thriller and mysteries, why do you like mysteries?, Just how unpredictable the plot is and trying to figure out how it ends before the movie ends. I like to just enjoy the writer trying to figure out how its going to end., What is one of your favorite movies?, The Usual Suspects, what did you think of the ending? personally i thought it was good, The ending was amazing. I mean, it all came together perfectly., what else did you like about the movie?, The actors, how well they played their characters. The director, and how he seemingly just It it was just so perfect how they put it all together., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like romance movies., why is that?, A bit corny, boring., I know how it's going to end. It's all so formula., have you watched the movie the incredibles 2?, Yes., What did you like about this kind of movie?, uh really good animations, Plot was all right. It was just an enjoyable film. You could just shut your brain off on and just enjoy., what about the movie inception?, A very interesting film. Very unique. They tried to do so many things in one film, though, that I felt something was lacking. I felt like they didn't Tell me what type of movies you like., I really like psychological thrillers., Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, I like thinking about what's going to happen next, and I like trying to figure out the plot of the story., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, Didn't like, A Simple Favor, Alright. And, what are some things you really don't like about that type of movie?, I wasn't sure if it was, a joke throughout most of it, or if the plot line was actually serious., Thanks! Could you tell me a favorite movie, I guess one of my favorite movies would probably Halloween., Oh ok. and what about that makes it your favorite?, I like that it's terrifying and could actually happen in real life., So would you enjoy a movie like Star Wars ?, No, not at all., got it. what are some reasons?, I am not interested in any type of sci-fi movies., ah ok, How about Bridesmaids?, Sure that movie is pretty funny., Ok anything else besides the funny aspect?, Not really, no., Thanks so much for your time!, No problem., Until next time, peace Hello., what kind of movies do you like, I like action movies., why do you like action movies, Well, they're usually entertaining, and there's a lot going on., soft and great movie scores, can you name a particular movie that you like, what about this movie that you like in particular, Well, it was really interesting. It had, had the bad guys, had a lot of danger., had a dashing hero., and you name a movie that you do not like, Oh wow., Well, I don't go see movies I don't like so it's kind of hard to say., I don't like horror movies., If you're talking about genres of movies, Well, like Nightmare on the Elm Street or something like that horror movie like that. Pretty much any horror movie I don't like., I'm not going to pay money to go get scared., anything else in particular about nightmare on elm street or other horror movies you do not like?, I don't like being scared., I don't like jumping out of my seat., I don't find that fun., He also often put women in particular in danger, which I find kind of annoying and I think it doesn't help the general society to see movies where women are in danger from pyschos., Do you like Jurassic, Jurassic Park was pretty good., World, what was it that you do not like about Jurassic World?, I'm kind of a science person, so the whole idea just seemed preposterous to me., Do you like or dislike The Shape of Water?, I heard of it, and I know it was very well-reviewed, but I never really watched the trailer, so I don't know much about it., How about the Godfather?, Well, it was certainly a classic and certainly held my attention., It was a little gory, so, But I appreciated the skill with which it was made and how well it put as into that world., So it was at least three stars and probably three and a half for me, out of four., Thank you. Good bye., Bye. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like comedy movies, and I like action movies., ok, what about comedies and action movies do you like?, I like explosions and gunfights in action movies cuz it's exciting and fun. And then in comedy movies, I like the actors in the when they're working together and the jokes makes me laugh. I like feeling good. I like being happy., great, can you tell me about a specific movie you enjoyed?, Forrest Gump is my favorite movie., ok, what about forrest gump do you like?, That it's Tom Hanks is like the best best actor ever. And he's super nice and super funny and it's really well directed and it covers a lot of America's history that was important to us and kind of made us the nation we are today., ok, can you tell me about types of movies you don't like?, Kind of movies that I don't like. Romance movies are kind of boring to me. I mean it's it's nice feeling, you know, we all like feeling love, and getting cuddly, but it's just It's incredibly boring., got it, can you name a specific movie you didn't like? it doesn't have to be a romance movie but it can be, The Notebook, I didn't like. And you're probably going to ask me why I didn't like it, and it's because it was boring. It was mushy, and it didn't make any sense. And women think that or The sad thing is that I think men feel like they have to do these like huge gestures to win a woman's affection, but that's not true at all. It's teaching teaching people the wrong thing. You have to be an adult. You have to be smart. Give people space when they need it., ok, can you tell me have you seen the movie the matrix?, I have., what did you think about it?, I liked it. I think the special effects were really good at the time. It was a pretty early 2000s movie. And it's not on a DVD player, which was pretty crazy for back then. Could you tell me about one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies is Wayne's World., Would you care to elaborate about that genre?, The genre is comedy., And what about that do you like?, I like the humorous aspect of it., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, I can't think of a movie off the top of my head. Can you make any suggestions?, Oh ok... how about Solo: A Star Wars Story, I like the Star Wars films, but I don't think that movie got great reviews., ok, what about star wars do you like?, I liked the newer films a Force Awakens and The Last Jedi., Anything else about that genre you'd like to comment about?, I also liked the earlier trilogy, Episodes IX, V, and VI, but I did not like the films that came out in the early 2000s., Oh and why is that?, I didn't think that they were particularly well made., Ah ok, How about Justice League?, I don't know anything about that film but I would give it a try., Oh ok., Let's see..., How about The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, The Lord of the Rings is one of my favorite trilogies., oh great... could you elaborate?, My favorite one was Lord of the Rings 2: The Two Towers, but I liked all of the films., what in particular about the 2nd movie did you like?, I enjoyed the battle scene, I enjoyed the storyline. I thought it was a good connecting film between the first and the third and it was just the most exciting out of the three., great, hmm... what about Fifty Shades Freed, I would not be interested in that film., could you tell me why?, It's not a genre that I'm interested in., how would you categorize that movie?, strange, ok, well, thank for all your input! can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like comedies a lot., ok, why do you like comedies?, They're just entertaining. They're funny and just makes you feel usually in a better mood, even if you're feeling down. Unless they're terrible but, got it, can you name a specific movie you enjoyed?, And I really like Caddyshack a lot. It's one of my favorite comedies., ok, can you tell me what types of movies you don't like?, I don't like superhero movies that much, they are kind of fake movie., ok, what about those types of movies don't you like?, do you think the plot is similar in all of these movies?, Yeah, pretty much., got it, can you name a specific movie you didn't like?, Super hero movie or just any movie?, any movie, The Adventures of Pluto Nash is one of the worst movies I'd ever seen., what about it didn't you like?, got it, have you seen the movie incredibles 2?, Nope and, how about the movie get out?, Yep, I saw that., what did you think about the movie?, I liked it a lot. you know, I usually don't like horror movies. I liked that one a lot., ok, why did you like it? What type of movies do you like?, psychological thrillers, why psychological thrillers?, They make you think and can be scary., so like shutter island?, Yes., What is one of your favorite movies?, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, why is that?, I like the character of Indiana Jones, and I grew up watching it, and just enjoy the movie., do you like it for the plot?, The plot is okay, but it's more about the action and the characters., so do you prefer it over raiders of the lost ark?, Yes., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, I can't think of a movie right now., have you watched Hotel Transylvania 2?, No., what about The Purge?, No., have you heard of this movie?, I've heard of The Purge but I didn't think it sounded all that interesting., true. the concept makes it unrealistic, Exactly., what about the movie Mad Max: fury road?, I haven't seen that one yet. I've watched the first three Mad Max movies, but I haven't watched Fury Road yet., Until next time What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, Vampire movies the and horror movies because it's fantasy. And I like to fantasize about living forever., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Yeah. The Vampire Lestat, It's an Ian Rice book., I like that one., What did you like about that kind of film?, The acting, the joking, And that they were rich, and they were elusive., No one knew they were around. Uh-huh., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, Yeah, family situations. I don't watch family comedies., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, I can't relate to it and it's just That's the way I would like my life to be, like a situational comedy, but it's, I mean, I try to make it that way. But I just can't relate to a family because I don't have like a family., Have you heard about the movie Twilight?, Yes, I I watched highlights of it on Netflix but I couldn't get it. So, no I wouldn't go see the movie, but I would watch it if I could get it for free., Would you go see the movie Priest?, I don't know what that is. I've never heard of it. But I'm getting If it's about vampires, I'm definitely going to Google it. As long as there's not too much crazy gore in it., Yes it is!, It was what? There's a lot of gore in it? I ain't, It is about Vampires., There's another movie I really like. It has I think Willem Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It Willem Dafoe is in it, and it's about Nosferatu, but a real Nosferatu. And I can't get my hands on that movie. I don't even know where to go for it. I would really enjoy seeing that. And also, Gary Oldman played a vampire, and that was a great, movie. I think I even seen that. Gary Oldman played Dracula. I think it was called Dracula. I really liked that., Would you go see the movie 30 days of Night?, I think I saw that. I would definitely watch it., I wouldn't go out to see it., I would stay at home instead., What did you like about that kind of movie?, Well, I didn't like the blood. But what I liked about it was the story about these people that were trapped and then they became vampires, and it happened at night. And I think it happened in Alaska., I think I remember. It was a pretty good movie. The story line it was pretty good. It was about vampires., I like vampire movies. What kinds of movies do you like?, Comedy, Well, why do you like comedy?, Because it it makes me feel good, funny., cool, what is your favorite movie?, Dumb and Dumber, have you ever seen it?, alright, Why is that your favorite movie?, Cuz it's funny and good actors in it, you know?, Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, Halloween Yeah, I don't like, Haunted Hill, it was stupid., oh, Why not?, Because I didn't like it. It's just not a good movie. I mean, I can't explain it. Just didn't click with me., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Martian, No, I haven't. Is it a good movie?, have you heard of it?, Never heard of it, no., have you then seen Inception, Never heard of that one either., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye., You're welcome, good bye. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, Yeah. I like action movies. Love action movies. Love I love documentaries. Educational films are great. Like I like the indie stuff. I like art art art stuff., ok, what about those genres do you like?, Well, I love documentaries because they're great biopics, they're great overviews about a person's life and what they did. I like presidential biographies, such as on James Buchanan. I like biographies on US presidents. I like I liked the BBC like the the world series, the one on nature., ok, can you name a specific film you enjoyed?, I like Bob and the Trees that was a fictional account of this lumberjack and Massachusetts, and he bought He bought the landlord right to a plot of land. But the whole of the land was full of termites, so it didn't go well., got it, can you name genres of movies you don't like?, I don't like like romance movies, I just stay away from those., ok, why don't you like romance movies?, I don't like those., No, they're usually pretty bad., They're really sappy., Especially don't like the Lifetime movies if you've like ever heard of those., ok, would you say the plot is bad or some other aspect?, Yeah, the plot's bad, the acting is bad, the script is bad. Usually the script's pretty bad., got it, can you name a particular movie you didn't like? it doesn't have to be a romance movie but it can be, I don't I didn't like Jumanji., ok, what about the movie didn't you like?, I thought the plot was bad. And it was too far away from the original book. what kind of movies do u like to watch, I typically like Sci-Fi movies., why is that, They typically have imaginative storylines, and fantastical graphics, and things like that., can you name a specific movie that you like that fits that category, and what aspects you like about the movie type, I recently re watched The Matrix and it held up really well. It has a pretty decent plot, the production value there are outstanding and it just looks really good for a movie from the 2000s., thanks for sharing. how about a movie that fits that category that wasn't too great, and what made you decide you didn't like that movie type, Let me think. I can't really think of any sci-fi movies I've seen recently. Maybe The Crow. The Crow is not I guess you could say that's sci-fi. But I don't know. I just didn't like it. It was kind of overly campy, a little bit too self-serious, and it just kind of went all over the place., got it. i understand. have you seen any of the avenger movies, I have., do u like this kind of movies?, Yeah, they're pretty good. I They're not my favorite, but I I've enjoyed all of them when I watched them., why do you enjoy that movie type, They're really high action, they're really intense, usually pretty funny. The stories are not that great, but it's lightweight and it's just fun to watch. It's a popcorn flick. What type of movies do you like?, I like action movies like you know some of the higher pace higher pace movies and, I also like you know the superhero movies. They're also kind of action movies, part action, part sci-fi. You know, the different DC and Marvel movies that are out., so do you like movies similar to Fast and the Furious?, They're not my number one favorite, but I do enjoy those movies. Maybe that's, I mean, it's They're not They wouldn't be my top if If there was a choice between that and maybe say a new Superman movie, I'd probably go see the Superman movie. But if I'm not doing anything else, I'll definitely probably watch Fast and the Furious. I've seen the last couple for sure, so, Some of them are definitely better than others., What's one of your favorite movies?, I really liked the Black Panther. I thought it was a interesting take on maybe not as popular characters, you know? As Thor and The Hulk, and all the the other adventures. I thought it was a really well well done movie and it was definitely wasn't a typical superhero Marvel movie, it went a lot deeper than than just that., what did you think of the cultural aspect of the movie?, I thought it was interesting., I like the way they tied everything in. It wan't very It wasn't so much preachy, but it was. You know? It It was more up to date. And I don't know if you've ever read many comic books, but a lot of the comic books especially back in When I first started reading them in the 80s and early 90s kind of looked to me sometimes get preachy. Or but then I always had, you know? Kind of, underlying messages in them, and I think this is It brought me back to a time earlier time reading comic books, I think., I don't know. It just mean a lot more that to say some of the dumber you know maybe genre that are out. But, I don't know. It was just a really good up to date, Marvel movie, What type of movies do you not like?, I'm not a fan of horror movies. Not because they are scary just because I'm just not a fan. I don't I guess I was when I was younger, but I watched all those Friday the 13th movies when they first came out. But, it's just to me they are just so over done a lot of times nowadays. And, now there seems to be a new one every week almost or every two weeks. I'm just not a fan. Not a, I kind of been there done that kind of thing., And that's a lot of the problem. If I can find one that'll scare me then I might like it, but it's been a long time since I've been scared at the movies., I did not see Bridesmaids, but I generally like those types of movies. But yeah, I didn't see that one, so I can't really say about that. But those types of movies, yeah. Those buddy buddy type movies, kind of like The Hangover. I did watch all those. Those were pretty good. Yeah, those are fun sometimes, if they're good. Not so much if they're if they're just kind of not not very good. If they're not If they don't have a good writer, they're not as good. But yeah, movies like, The Hangover. I like those types., what about movies like Superbad?, Yeah, I enjoyed Superbad. It was kind of ahead of its time a little bit. It's had a lot of imitators since then, but at the time, that was a, A really funny, hilarious movie, and I did enjoy it. I don't know if it'd hold up as much today, but it was certainly fun at the time watching it., McLovin, haha i remember him. and his fake ID, Yeah. What type of movies do you like?, I like action movies and thrillers., why do you like thrillers?, I like the suspense of the movie and the build up toward a climax., What is one of your favorite movies?, Silence of the Lambs is a really great movie., what made it a great movie ?, It was very exciting, and you didn't know where it was going to go. It was interesting to watch, and I love the characters., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like romance movies., Why?, They usually portray a bad image of romance, like not realistic., have you seen the movie The Incredibles?, I have not seen The Incredibles., what about the movie Split?, I have not seen the movie Split., what about Avatar?, I have seen Avatar., what did you like or dislike about this movie?, I liked the action in movie. It was very intense and I liked the strange different world., what about Star Wars?, Yes. I've seen some Star Wars movies., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I like the science fiction part, space travel, and also the characters., okay. thank you What types of movies do you usually see?, I like cool movies., What do you think is the best movie ever?, I really enjoyed The Thing, John Carpenter's The Thing., Nice. What was your favorite thing about it?, I really enjoyed the special effects of the movie., What else did you like about it?, Also enjoyed the cast of characters and the quality of the acting in the movie., Now can you give me a movie you didn’t like?, Yes, I can. I really didn't like The Purge., Why didn’t you like it?, I felt like there were just way too much going on in the movie and had a poor story., Did you like The Old Man & the Gun?, No, I did not see that., Alright. Is it on your list to see?, No Reason, why not?, It doesn't sound like a movie I'd been interested in watching., Ant Man?, Yes, I did see Ant-Man., okay, what did you like about it, I enjoyed the special effects. I thought the story was great. I thought the characters were funny. It was a very involving and enjoyable movie., Got it. Is there anything else that came to mind about this kind of movie?, No, nothing else., okay. thank you for your time., Thank you. Bye. Tell me what type of movies you like., I like action, adventure, spy movies and that sort of thing., Perfect! Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, Let's see. I like the Tom Cruise in Mission: Impossible 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, Well, they're entertaining, and they're exciting, and there's usually some kind of intrigue involved. You know, it's, It's involving, Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, Well, let me think here., I didn't really like the Ocean's movie, Ocean's 8., Alright. And, what are some things you really don't like about that type of movie?, I didn't think it would, Well, I thought it would be a good movie but the plot just didn't really get me going. It's a little dull for my taste. I'm sure other people enjoyed it but not me., How about the movie Frozen, what do you think about that one?, That's, you know, that's kind of fantasy stuff. It was all right though. I watched it with the kids. Was not bad, entertaining., Let's chat about one more movie. How about A Star Is Born ?, Well, yeah, that That's not really my kind of movie. I I managed to get all the way through it, and it was You know, it held my attention, but, I will rather watch something else., Ok anything else about that type of movie you don't like?, Too much drama, not enough action. How's that?, Got it! Can you tell me, what type of movies do you like?, Action movies., okay. Why do you like action?, There's a lot going on. I like it when they have a story too though., do you like movies like Mission Impossible?, The first ones were good, but I really couldn't tell them apart now., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Deadpool, what did you like about Deadpool?, Lots of fun fighting, like martial arts and gun combat, and then the story was pretty good, and the comedy was very funny., what did you think about the sequel?, I haven't seen it yet., What type of movies do you not like?, Comedies, usually. Just comedy only movies., so definitely, it would need a plot and have to be funny for you to like it?, Need a plot, yes. Has to be funny? No, not necessarily., do you like the movie jason bourne?, It was alright. What kind of movies do you like?, I generally like documentaries., what do you like about this genre?, Well, I like to learn things and it's nice to be able to take a break from reading or, Most documentaries are pretty heavy on visuals. And they're usually pretty good, go along with the subject matter, etc., okay. how about movies that you don't like? can you describe them for me?, I generally don't like chick flicks, just because they're usually overly dramatic. And, well, I'm a guy, so I don't really relate to them in the same way., so you like movies made for men?, I mean, they can also be gender neutral. It's just like the movies that tend to highlight women's problems like as the main focus of the movie. It's usually what I don't care for just because a guy now can't relate., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, I didn't like Twilight., why is that?, Well, it was very cringey, if you will., Like for one, the whole idea that the vampires sparkle instead of burning up in sunlight, like that just, you know, it it seemed cheesy. And then there was the whole fact that it was just a love story. And I mean, don't get me wrong, I can get into a good love story. But it just, Yeah. I really I don't even know how to put it. I just didn't like it., we like what we like, True., have you seen blade runner?, No., how about x men?, Nope. What type of movies do you like?, I guess I'm a big fan of movies that are based on true stories and are kind of longer. I like a lot of detail in my movies., does that mean you like mystery movies?, Yeah. I'm a big fan of mystery movie., What's one of your favorite movies?, Zodiac is probably one of my favorites., why is that?, It's an interesting story. And I like true crime movies and books, and it's a true crime movie based on a book that's based on a real serial killer. So it's really interesting., what else did you like about the movie?, I like the actors in it. I like Jake Gyllenhaal a lot. He's kind of the main character in it., what are types of movies you dislike?, Types of movie I just like, I don't like romantic comedy that much., That's about it. I'm not a big fan of comic book movies, but they're all right., Do you like movies like The Hunger Games?, Oh, Hunger Games was all right. I only saw the first two, but they were okay., what did you not like about the movie?, It just felt kind of melodramatic. It was just I don't know. It's been a while since I saw it, so I don't remember exactly what I didn't like about it, but I remember it just felt kind of overly dramatic for what it was. But it was still entertaining., what about the movie Crazy Rich Asians., I've never seen it. I've heard of it, but I haven't seen it., okay. thank you Tell me what type of movies you like., I like horror movies., Got it. And what is it about that genre that you enjoy?, I like to be scared. I like the fear, I like the gore, everything about it., Perfect! Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, I like Chucky. I like Child's Play. I love slasher movies like Jason, Freddy, Michael Myers., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, Annabelle, Alright. And, what are some things you really don't like about that type of movie?, It was just kind of lame. I I didn't really like it. Could have been scarier. I don't know., So would you enjoy a movie like A Star Is Born ?, I I don't know what that is. I never head of it., oh ok, how about any Mission Impossible movies, Yeah, I like Mission: Impossible., Got it. And what is it about that genre that you enjoy?, I like the action. I like the thrill. It's cool., Let's chat about one more movie. How about Crazy Rich Asians ?, I have heard of that from my sister. I would like to check it out., What is it that makes you interested?, Sounds kind of funny., Great, Thanks for your time! hello, Hi., What kind of movies do you like?, Let's say comedy movies., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Eight Crazy Nights, what did you like about it?, I thought it was funny., what else?, I'm, Well, in addition to finding it funny, I also found it funny., But that aside, it was a good Adam Sandler movie cuz it was funny., can you tell me more?, I thought that the acting was pretty good, I thought it was kind of funny that Adam's family did a lot of the voices., I like the animated style of the movie., ok. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, Harry Potter, how come you did not like it?, I didn't like it because it was dorky and cheesy., is there anything else?, I shouldn't really get into it. Like I don't know. I've never been against like you know, fantasy genre movies, but it just didn't jive well with me, I guess., ok. Did you like wonder woman?, Never seen it., what about the matrix?, Yeah, that was a good movie., so you like science fiction movies?, As a whole, I wouldn't say, but I like movies in the genre, like The Matrix., can you tell me what you liked about the matrix?, I think Sorry, I like the underlying concepts of the movies like the whole red pill blue pill thing, you know just stuff like that., what was your favorite scene?, Probably the red pill versus blue pill scene. Just cuz like you know, not having seen the movie before that, it was like a holy shit kind of moment., got it. Thanks for the input, Goodbye Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, I like action movies., why do you like action movies?, I like the the pace, the like nonstop aspect of it, and the really good the action scenes that have sort of lot going on that sort of keep you on the edge of your seat. Those are always fun., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, One of my all time favorite movies is Bourne Ultimatum., What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, Well, action movies are not known for sort of their screenplay like the writing. But The Bourne Ultimatum is excellent on that end. So it's a very complete movie, very engaging, and then the cast is excellent. But the entire thing comes together, the pace the action, the story. It's fantastic., you give great details., Thank you., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Let's see. I don't like Armageddon., What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, So the problem with the Armageddon is it has action with no purpose and it has an incredibly incomplete screenplay like a story line. It's so concerned with blowing up things and creating visual effects which it did well, but it's too concerned with that so that it's a very very long movie and the story line is, shakey at best, it's really, It's It's a hard movie to get through the first time in the movie theaters. It's not one you want to watch again on TV, it's just not that good., You would make a great reviewer. Move over Siskel and Ebbert!, Do you like the movie Bridesmaids?, I love Bridesmaids., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like or dislike this movie?, Sure, Bridesmaids is incredibly well-written. It is not overdone, so it's not trying too hard to go I think into sort of trying too hard to be funny is just sort of is funny the way it's written which is one of its true strengths. And the other huge strength is its cast which is in someway subtle and someway obvious. But for each role, it was just perfect, Do you like the movie Crazy Rich Asians?, Oh, I haven't seen that yet, but I'm looking forward to it., Do you like Christopher Robin?, The movie, I have not seen that, I don't know if I will., How about Dumb and Dumber?, Not my favorite., What are the 2 things you dislike about it?, The juvenile humor was kind of expected, but it was even worse than I was thinking it would be, it is just so dumb. I understand the title Dumb and Dumber, but it's just so dumb so stupid., I don't know, I guess. I think down to the audience entirely too much., I agree. Thank you very much. I love your reviews. Good bye. what kind of movies do u like watching, I like to watch dramatic movies., why is that, I'd like to feel connect to characters and cry you just have to feel real., could u name a specific movie that fits that category, and tell me why you like this kind of movie, I really like 12 Years a Slave., Cuz it was like dramatic but also real, and it made me remember my history., could u tell me a little more, It made me very emotional but also very aware of what was going on in the world, and I would like that., thanks. could u also tell me about a movie that fits that category that you didn't like, I did not like, First Man, I think it was slow, and just I mean, I know it was realistic, but it just was still slow in dramaticness, that I didn't care about, what do u mean by slow, Mainly, it just dragged on, and didn't get to the real point for a long time., got it. thanks. and have you ever heard of the movie coco, Yeah, I liked it. Loved it., why do u like this kind of movie, I like cartoons, and like coolness, and they were just like made me happy. Made me still want to be like a real person. It was cool., what do u mean by it made u feel like a real person, Because sometimes I can't get into like the realities of things of real life, and this movie like reminded me that with the cartoon and the the sense of family just reminded me of that. What type of movies do you like?, I like comedies, Why is that?, Cos I like to laugh and because I'm like half depression so it helps me to battle it. And it does the right things for me which I appreciate., I see. What is one of your favorite movies?, Bridesmaids, what did you like about it?, It made me laugh the whole time and just was a cool, interesting concept of friendship as well. That was just very cool., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, I did not like this movie called The Fields., why's that?, I just didn't think it was based in reality, and I wish it was just more funny. It was too sad., have you watched the movie The Grinch?, Yes., what did you like about this kind of movie?, I thought it was well done, and the comedy is very rich in reality. What type of movies do you like?, I like action movies, like superhero movies, stuff like that., so do you like movies like The Avengers?, Yes. Very much so., What's one of your favorite movies?, I really liked Guardians of the Galaxy., why is that, Well cuz it was funny and the plot The writing was really clever, and you know, they were traveling in a fantasy world, you know, places that you don't normally see on Earth., what about the plot?, The plot was It was set in outer space, and it was just It was an adventure. It was a superhero movie or superheroes movie, and they got themselves in dangerous situations, but they always found funny ways to deal with them., What type of movies do you not like?, I really don't like psychological thrillers or anything scary., is it because you get scared easily?, Yeah, and they give me bad dreams., nightmares can be really scary. i understand, Thank you., do you like movies like The Hunger Games?, Yes, I do., because of the adventure?, Yeah, and because of the Cuz of the protagonist, Katniss Everdeen. I think she's really cool. I like her., do you like movies like Thor?, I haven't seen Thor, Okay. Thank you What kind of movies do you like? Any specific genre?, I like science fiction., I like movies that seem realistic, People always ask me what my favorite movie is, and I can never respond., Realistic sci fi. perfect. Is there a movie you can name that you really liked?, No., It doesn't have to be an all time favorite, just one that you can watch over and over., Truman Show, Perfect! And can you tell me what you liked about those types of movies?, The Truman Show made me think of a reality that was probable but different., Perfect, now that I know what movie you like, can you name one you don't like? What would be last on your list?, Superman, What about that kind of movie didn't you like?, It's cheesy and corny., Thanks for that. By any chance, have you seen the movie Thor? Did you feel the same way?, I haven't seen it., Oh okay. How about Wonder Woman?, I haven't seen it either., How about The Matrix?, Yes, I've seen it., What did you think?, It was cool., Can you elaborate?, It was a cool sci-fi movie that made you think crazy., Okay. Did you see Hunger Games?, No., What about Jason Bourne?, Yeah, I saw it so many times on a bus., And what did you think about it?, It was pretty cheesey. What type of movies do you like?, why is that?, They are sort of like a romantic comedy because there's almost always that kind of component in it. And it's also just a sort of a regular comedy a lot of times. But with the caveat of they're younger, which makes the story line kind of simple. Easy to like, easy to follow, easy to relate to. And it really just works, usually., What is one of your favorite movies?, I really like the movie She's the Man., what did you like about that movie?, She's the Man is has a very good base for a movie. It's actually based on a Shakespeare's novel, and it is interesting from a story line, also interesting in execution how they go about it. The cast is really good, very engaging, very likable. There's a lot of funny parts to the movie. Their romance is very cute. The friendships that you see on display are very nice., And the school setting really works., i really liked the work out scene, Yes., What type of movies do you not like?, I usually stay away from scary movies, like horror movies., you don't like being scared?, I do not like being scared., have you seen the movie zootopia?, I have not., what about the movie The Matrix?, Oh, absolutely. I've seen that., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, Matrix is like a epic and it is At the time it was incredibly original, very sort of far reaching and what it was going for in terms of imagery and storyline. It was quite an undertaking but really works. It's You have to sort of just in some ways turn your mind off and other ways turn your mind on and just go with what they're trying to do. , The sort of action sequences are great in the movie. The acting, especially from the main cast, is really well done. And it's a really interesting and encapsulating world that they're sort of taking you into., that's very true. did you like the first one or the sequel?, I liked the first one better than the sequel, but the sequel wasn't bad. Sequel wasn't bad. But the first one is the best one., have you seen the movie Tag?, No., what about The Hunger Games?, Yes., what did you like about this kind of movie?, Well, for Hunger Games, I do usually I usually appreciate it even if I I don't like a movie that is based off of a book. The better base for a movie story line is usually from a book. There's so much more material to draw from in trying to make a movie adaptation. This is a great movie adaptation. It's incredibly engaging. It pulls you in. , The lead, in Jennifer Lawrence, is extremely well cast and just excellent in the role. It's sort of a bizarre dystopian world they're taking you into. And it's executed beautifully, despite how bizarre, really, that the world is that they that you're going into., okay. thank you What type of movies do you like?, I like drama and action., What do you like about drama or action movies?, I like that they make me feel all different kinds of emotions., What type of emtions do you feel, Emotions? You mean happy, sad, happy, sad, excited, something that keeps me interested., is there a specific title in these genres that you like?, Mission: Impossible, What did you like about Mission Impossible?, All the action., Are there any type of movies you dislike?, No., What is your least favorite type of movie?, kids movies, What makes you dislike them ?, They just don't keep me interested very much., They're just not for my age., So you are into more realistic and creative writing?, Yes., Have you seen Crazy Rich Asians?, No, I haven't., How about Jason Bourne?, I like that, too., What did you like about the film ?, I like the action and the plot and the Spy that it was a Spy movie., I can definitely see the appeal in that! can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I love documentaries. I love drama films. I love romantic comedies. I like comedies and don't really like science fiction though., ok, what about these genres do you like?, I like, you know, something that the plot is really good. You know, it keeps me interested throughout the whole movie. The acting is excellent and superb. It's very convincing., and science fiction movies typically don't have these traits for you?, No. I just don't like science fiction at all., ok, can you please tell me about a particular movie you enjoyed?, I really enjoyed the movie, Let's see. Gone with the Wind. It's a classic. I love that movie., ok, what about that movie did you like?, It just brings a lot of memories back for me. It's just classic movie, the acting is really good. It's romantic, it has drama. It just have a little bit of everything in it., can you tell me about a movie you didn't like?, Let me think about a movie., One of the worst movies I've seen, I saw it on Netflix. I'm trying to think of the name of it. It's called Doom, ok, what about doom didn't you like?, It is just so poorly acted, everything was like ridiculous about the movie. It was like not even watchable, it's just didn't keep my interest. Just very poor acting, just bad overall., ok, have you ever heard about the movie fight club?, Yes, I'm fond of that movie., can you tell me what you thought about it? What type of movies do you enjoy?, I enjoy indie movies or independent movies., I enjoy romantic comedies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I really enjoy, I think I like having interesting plot ones., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Let me think. I'm trying to remember the name of it. There's a movie., Well, I like Lady Bird. That's like kind of Indie movie., What did you like about this movie?, I thought that the acting was really good. It was really interesting. I think the music in the background was particularly interesting. I even thought the cinematography in a particular scenes they choose were just really really cognate and really cool., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't really like horror movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, And I don't really like, I guess A, I mean I don't like super scary movies, but mostly I think I don't like gore. I don't like when stuff I feel like sometimes they just want to scare you without having a good plot. And so the acting and plot isn't that good for those movies., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I can't think of a movie right now that I have really dislike., Have you seen The Shape of Water, I have not seen The Shape of Water., No, I have not seen it., Have you seen Shawshank redemption, No., Have you seen The Incredibles, I have, yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I loved it because it was really funny, it was really well done, has lots of great jokes, very interesting to look at, lots of hidden meaning, and it also plays on the old movies, so it was very nostalgic to see all the characters again. Thanks. You, too., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! What kinds of movies do you like?, I like, I like romance movies., Well, tell me why do you like romance movies?, I like romance movies because they're fun, interactive, and fun to watch., cool, what is your favorite movie?, My favorite movie is Deadpool 2., alright, Why is that your favorite movie?, That is my favorite movie because it has a lot of action in it, a lot of funny bad guys, and a lot of blooded war., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I don't like the Forest Gump., oh, Why not?, I don't like it because it's not interesting doesn't have a lot of actions and there is and there is too much dialog., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Purge, Oh yeah, I watched it., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I like this kind of movie because it shows that people are violent, and there's a lot of blood and gore in it, and it's fun to watch., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. Can you tell me about the type of movies you enjoy watching?, I really like horror movies., What do you like about them?, I like to be scared and usually they are pretty entertaining., So you like to be surprised?, Definitely., What's one of your favorite movies?, Halloween, Hah, you weren't kidding when you said you like scary movies!, Yeah, I do., What did you like about that movie?, Just especially for its time, it was so original. The storytelling and the way they made it scary., So you like a good dialog?, I do like a good dialog, but usually I'm looking for more action stuff., I see. Now, tell me, what kind of movies you don't like., I really don't like sappy romantic love story movies., And what is it about those types of movies that you don't enjoy?, Yeah, I get enough the heartache and realize I don't need to experience it through a movie. You know what I mean?, I see. So you like to escape reality for a bit when you watch a movie?, Absolutely, yes., Have you seen the movie Venom?, I have not seen Venom. I'd like to, though., What about Ant-Man and the Wasp?, Have not seen that, either., Did you see the movie Searching, by any chance?, No, I don't know what that is actually., It's an interesting story, I think you'd like it!, Cool. I'll have to write that down and check it out., Have you seen any new movies lately?, Yeah, I saw the new Halloween last night in a theater. It was pretty cool., And how was it?, I liked it a lot. It was It was cool., Have you seen any of the Jason Bourne movies?, I've seen almost all of them. I'm not sure if I've seen the latest one or not and I But, I like those too., What aspect of those movies did you enjoy?, Well, I like Matt Damon, and the whole kind of spy story is always kind of cool. I like those movies., There's an element of surprise to them. Bet that's what draw you in!, There definitely is the element of surprise to those. I agree. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like horror movies, how shocking they are., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I feel like there's not a lot of jump scares. I like that it does reference actual people. I think the budget was for it really great. It was a really well done movie., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Oh, Valerian. Valerian was a terrible movie., Do you like the movie The Shape of Water?, I haven't seen it yet, but I am really looking forward to it. Guillermo del Toro is one of my favorite, Do you like the movie A Star Is Born ?, Never heard of it., Do you like the movie Nocturnal Animals?, I've never seen that one, either., Do you like the movie Searching?, I have not seen that one either., Do you like the movie The Wife?, I've never seen it or heard of it., Do you like the movie Mamma Mia?, No, I like musicals enough, but I just wasn't a fan of Mama Mia. It's not my taste., Do you like the movie Star Wars?, Yes, I do. I actually like both the new and old adaptation., What is it about this movie that you like?, I really like sci-fi. The action is good, so is the story., Thank you for your feedback. can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like comedies, I like action-adventure, I like mysteries., I like thrillers., ok, why do you like those genres?, It's a nice escape from reality. I can put my fears away, and they generally have happy endings, you know. The girl gets the boy, and the crime is solved, and everyone goes home happy., got it, can you name a particular movie you enjoyed?, Die Hard, ok, why did you like die hard?, It was action-adventure, I like Bruce Willis the actor. It's, you know, the good guys win in the end and Bruce Willis gets his wife back, so, all good., great, can you tell me about a movie you didn't like?, I didn't, I can't think a name. It was a science fiction. Oh, and it was Star Wars movie. I did not like that. I couldn't get in touch with any of the characters., got it, so you couldn't relate to the characters, No, I could not., did you enjoy the story at all?, Not the last Star Wars. I enjoyed the first few Star Wars the first three, and after that, it seem like they really went downhill for me., ok, have you heard about the movie if beale street could talk?, No, I have not., ok, how about avengers endgame?, I've heard of that one but I don't think I would like it., got it, why don't you think so?, I don't like the superhero movies., I do not like Spider-Man, I do not like Superman., ok, why don't you like the superhero genre?, It's a too fake. I mean I know it's supposed to be escape from reality but again I cannot really connect with the characters in the movie. So, hello, Hello., What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedies, I like action, adventure., Why do you like comedies, Just because I like to laugh. I enjoy laughing, and it's you know, watching a movie with my family, so it's fun to laugh with my family., Can you name a particular comedy movie you like?, like that movie Failure to Launch., I like I also like that movie, The Hangover, What did you like about the hangover?, It was hilarious. Just with all the all the, the chasing of people and everything. How they got How drunk they got, and all the stuff that happened while they were passed out that they didn't realize that they did the night before. It was just crazy., what was your favorite scene?, In the motel room when when they woke up., and you don't realize what was going on. And then they have the tiger I think it was a tiger in the in the bedroom when they were walking through the hotel room., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I didn't like that movie, Bombay. I think it was called Bombay., how come?, Just the graphics in the movie just didn't seem to be very realistic., It just wasn't what I thought it was going to be., I see. What about the Matrix, did you like that?, Yeah, I really like The Matrix. I was actually watching The Matrix last night., Nice. What did you like about it?, transit or have their consciousness uploaded or translated into a machine, and that person not be aware of that it's happening to them., I see. what about the movie Thor? How did you feel about that?, Thor I really liked the movie Thor. I liked the special effects., I thought it was a well-done movie., what else did you like about it?, I did like the the cast of the movie, and and the storyline you know, it's fun but, You know. Just to imagine you know or The guy falls from space with a hammer., I see. Thanks for the input., Goodbye What type of movies do you like and why?, Mostly action films cuz I love action and, you know, seeing a lot of things happen on screen., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Superman II probably my favorite., Please give at least 2 reasons why you like that movie., Lot of good action, and had a good story, as well. Good romance, pretty much had everything in it., Can you name a particular movie you dislike?, Well, 101 Dalmatians., Please give at least 2 reasons why you dislike that movie., Didn't really find it funny that much and the story didn't really grab my attention either., Do you like the movie 2001 A Space Odyssey?, Haven't seen it., Do you like the movie A Simple Favor ?, Haven't seen that, either., Do you like the movie The Unknown Soldier ?, Haven't seen that one., Do you like the movie Ant Man?, Yes., Please give at least 2 reasons why you like that movie., A lot of good action scenes. And I like the story, it really held my attention., Do you like the movie Leon: The Professional ?, Haven't seen it., Do you like the movie Back to the Future ?, Yes., Please give at least 2 reasons why you like that movie., Very interesting, a lot of good scenes and humors, and a great story line., Thank you for your feedback. Have a good night., Thank you. what kind of movies do you like, I like sci-fi movies. And I like superhero movies and the occasional comedy., what do you like about them, Usually stars the actresses that I like or actresses that I like, I'm just a bigger nerd. So Sci-Fi is a is a great genre for me, and I like a occasional comedy something like from Adam Sandler or some other comedian., adam sandler, ok which movie you like with him in it, My favorite Adam Sandler movie is The Waterboy. And I don't like his newer stuff, but definitely his older stuff from the mid 2000s is is is all good., the waterboy, any particular scene you remember, Yes, any scene with Rob Schneider in it in The Waterboy. I just love it., ok so what is the differences between adam's newer movies to his older ones, His newer movies lack the comedic output as his older ones. His older ones have almost all original ideas, and his newer ones are seems like it's more made for, you know, like a family environment, like a family comedy rather than, you know, adult comedy. Or just stupid stupid comedy, so, ah ok, so its more family oriented now, do you think he lost his touch?, Well, he's still funny. He's just not as funny as he used to be. So, he might have lost a little bit of it, but still he's movies is still entertaining, but just not as much as so., gotcha, so he is still a good comedian ,what about other movies you enjoy, thats not funny, I like the Sci-Fi movie called Event Horizon., If I had a choice between any movie I want, I would probably pick a sci-fi movie like Event Horizon or one of the newer Star Trek movies., ah ok, cool. lets talk about movies you dont like, Okay. I don't like romance, and I don't like period-style pieces either, or history related movies., ok would you go watch lets say the notebook if someone invited you, No, I wouldn't., why not, Because it's a waste of time., what is it about romance movie you find waste of time, They're boring. There's no action in them. And their stories are pretty repetitive., would you be ok with romantic elements in movies like star trek or star wars?, No, I think those scenes are also a waste of time., gotcha, so what scenes you think worth the time and money, Well, like I said, it non-romance scenes is is worth the time and money. Like any scene that, you know, actively moves the story along rather than, you know, normal scenes that just are there just to waste time., ok any scenes that are active and comical is fine, is that right, Yeah. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like movie musicals. It makes me happy and just like more, feeling the music and the vibes, Can you name a particular movie that you like?, A Star is Born., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Well, I love Lady Gaga first off, but the story and the story of the artists, of people together, were just was like really amazing., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I did not like Fast and the Furious., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., It's just I don't like how unrealistic it is, as well as I don't like how it promotes violence, especially violence against police officers, because I love police officers., So, I'm disappointed., Do you like the movie Justice League ?, Yes. I do. I liked it., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like superhero stuff. Stan Lee's one of my favorite characters and or persons, and then I also like how the superhero stuff is also intertwined and parallel to the reality of what's going on in the world right now., Do you like the movie Alpha ?, I never seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King?, Oh, yeah. That's my favorite., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., It I like the action. I like I like the action packed of it, and I love the graphics of it., And I love the writing, and I love the directing., Do you like the movie Black Klansman?, No., Why do you dislike this movie? Please give 2 reasons., I don't I don't like the writing or directing. I don't like the characterizing of it and I don't like how it's about something in the past about racism., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. what kind of movies do u generally like watching, My favorite movies are romantic comedies., why do u like those type of movies, They're lighthearted, usually fun, has a happy ending, makes you laugh. So, they're very easy to watch, easy to enjoy, and a nice sort of escape from like a hectic lifestyle., sounds great. thanks for explaining. could u name a movie that fits that category and tell me what you like about that kind of movie, Sure, like My Best Friend's Wedding is one of my all-time favorites. That is has a great cast. It is actually a little bit of a longer movie and a little more in depth, but it it's enduring, and it's funny, and you grow to like the characters, and you just sort of laugh and go on a ride with them, You laugh a lot in that one. It's just a really good one, and you can watch it over and over again., that sounds like a great movie. could u tell me about a movie that fits that category that you didn't like, and what you didn't like about that kind of movie, Sure, The Ugly Truth was a terrible movie billed as a romantic comedy, but more like a gross up comedy, and just because it has a, you know, sort of a romantic setup with a male and female lead who are going to be dating or falling in love or something along those lines, it really needs more than that and, This movie was lacking and it despite it what they thought when they put it out, it was so bad and in general, I actually love Katherine Heigl movies but I do not like Gerard Butler movies and he is the lead actor in this and it was just rough from all around., have you heard of the movie mary poppins returns, Yes., did u see this movie, I have seen it., did you like this kind of movie? and why or why not, I do love this kind of movie. It is not the original, and it is I don't think anything ever could be the original, but it is a nice tribute to the original. And I love musicals. They are sort of very involved and fun and, I don't know, hearing music is always an enjoyable aspect to sort of this kind of experience. It's kind of like stage coming to a movie., And this one was particularly well cast and well-thought-out, I think in a way to be endearing, while not trying to compete with the original., that's a great way to describe musical experiences. thanks for sharing your perspective. i appreciate it What kinds of movies do you like?, I like action movies, comedies, and documentaries., Well tell me, why do you like action movies?, Action movies are fun to watch. They're entertaining, and they have interesting characters and scenes that I enjoy watching., Alright, is there a movie you liked?, I love Die Hard., Oh wow, why do you like die hard?, Die Hard is great. Because Bruce Willis is really great in it. I also like Reginald Veljohnson and Alan Rickman is a real classic in his role., I agree, Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, failure to launch, oh. Why not?, It's just a bad movie all around, didn't interest me at all., can you explain a little bit more?, It's just a bad romantic comedy. Sarah Jessica Parker's not very good in it. And I didn't even like Matthew McConaughey, and he's usually great., Ok, then have you seen the movie John Wick?, Yes, I have., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, Well, I like movies with a good story, as well as great action and interesting characters that are really compelling., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye., Bye. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I love romantic comedies., Why do you enjoy these type of movies?, They're really easy to watch, really enjoyable to rewatch. They're happy, they're funny, they can be heartwarming. So they're just They're pleasant a very pleasant form of entertainment., I can definitely see the appeal in that. Is there a specific title that you enjoy?, I love Sleepless in Seattle., What did you enjoy about this title?, It Well first of all, it has an excellent cast, and it's written by somebody probably who does the best who's done the best romantic comedies over the years, Nora Ephron. And it's just It's clever, it's funny, it's very original. There's a good back and forth, and it's just charming It's really charming., What types of movies do you dislike or not enjoy at all?, I don't like gross out comedies., Why don't you enjoy these types of movies?, Very juvenile Very juvenile on humor, very juvenile on execution. I don't need to watch somebody, I don't know, throw up 10 times or I don't know, just act like a child when they're an adult with like two children and a wife or something. So, they're kind of pointless in so many ways and I just don't need to waste my time on that., I can definitely see why some people would shy away from that type of humor., Is there a specific title from this category that you dislike heavily?, Maybe The Animal?, The one that has Rob Schneider in it. Ugh. That wasn't good., Why don't you enjoy his titles?, He leaves a lot to be desired as an actor. He is not nearly as funny as he thinks he is and he, Yes, it really is very juvenile. It's A lot of his stuff is based off of Saturday Night Live skits and the things that really should have kept to just a skit. They don't have enough to make into a movie., Have you seen I Feel Pretty?, I don't think so., How about Crazy rich asians?, That's That's the good one., What did you like or dislike about this specific film?, First of all fantastic that it's an Asian romantic comedy and the guy who did it he did He's done other good movies before. He's really good very good director, so flowed really well. The cast is funny and it's just nice to see something different on on the screen and really it was a little bit, different offered something different, despite being familiar and that it's a romantic comedy and it's funny. But, it was a refreshing change of pace. what kind of movies do you like?, I like slasher movies., why do you like that kind of movies?, Because Because it keeps me at the edge of my seat and it's entertaining., Just the gore makes me makes me happy, do you have a particular movie you have seen and liked?, Yes, Jason X., what is your favorite part of the movie?, My favorite part of the movie is when Jason starts walking around the spaceship and starts throwing his starts throwing his knife around killing people., what about movies from other genre?, Lord of the Rings trilogy I liked., do you like the notebook?, I've never seen that movie., what about marry poppins?, Never seen that movie either., have you heard of that movie?, Yes, I have heard of that movie., would you like to see that movie?, Not really, it's mostly for a woman mostly a chick film., what about Guardians of the Galaxy?, I seen some of it., do you like that movie?, Yes, I do because there's a lot of action, lots of fighting, Lots of people hitting other people., Lots of destruction, that is cool, so you like movies that excite you, is that right?, Yes, that is right. What kind of movies do you like?, Yeah, I'm just watching right now Bob and the Trees. It's a movie about a lumberjack in I think western Massachusetts and his foresting company. Now, he's a lumberjack in real life. They shot this all in real life with real actors. The actors aren't actually actors. Like they're real The The lead actor, he's actually a forester a licensed forester in Massachusetts, and so he His son-in-law plays his son in the movie is the family business., So I would say I mean I really do like those films. I like the indie films. I thought the script was a little weak on Bob and the Trees. Otherwise, I mean it's It's pretty good. It's shot really well. The plot's good. A few places the script could have been changed. I don't think people actually sort of talk like that in real life. But apart from that, I thought it was shot really really well., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, I don't know., More down to earth, maybe., They feel like people I know., ok. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, You know, it's funny, cuz I don't usually see movies I don't like, you know?, I would say though, if you wanted, I haven't really seen movies. Again, like I don't like, I usually look at the reviews on the Rotten Tomatoes and then if I see if it's low critical ratings I'm like I'm not going to see this. I'm not going to spend my time watching this dumpster fire of a movie. So, usually, What about a movie you have seen and just did not like?, Well I remember years and years ago, we watched I watched Sandlot, and I didn't I didn't like one so much., how come?, I don't know I hear it's a classic I hear it's a classic I just didn't like it., how come?, I hear it's a classic I just didn't like it., but why didn't you like it?, I don't. It's It's It's There's a lot of profanity in it. I didn't think that was super cool., I think the writing was super loose to like to write it PG in those awful stuff. There is like is it it should have been PG 13., Ok. How did you feel about ant man?, No, I haven't seen it., I just The only thing I've seen like super recently is the Mr. Rogers movie the Won't You Be My Neighbor? I thought that was a really really good movie. Sometimes like it got it got to the point like idealizing the points and it's my only really criticisms of it. It was shot really well. There's super cool archival footage in there. The interviews are really good. It was really sort of compelling as well because like it's co-star, the police the policemen on the show, are actually gay., Mr. Rogers was an evangelist who would not normally support gay people, but he said like The gay guy said like he was a He was a He was father figure to me. It was really really interesting., All right., Ok. Thanks for your input today Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, I like horror movies., What is it about horror movies that you like, They just give me some excitement, you know? I get excited and this adrenaline rush, but I just enjoy it in general., Anything else about horror movies that you like, The graphics, the demons, exorcism, everything. I'm just excited to watch this kind of movies you know like the jump scares, everything is exciting for me. Other movies are boring for me to be honest., Can you name a horror movie that you like, The Conjuring, Can you name two things about The Conjuring that you like, The jump scares, there were not that many of them, but they were perfect, to be honest. And also the the thrill, they keep you thrilled all the time without being extremely bored, like meh. Just perfect., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I didn't like The Exorcism., Can you name two things about The Exorcism that you did not like?, It was kind of classic horror, and I don't really like this kind of horrors. And I guess because it was old, I didn't like the acting. Like it's a great movie, there's no lie about that. But it wasn't just exciting for me. Like it It wasn't my thing. I felt like it was too fake., Do you like the movie Aliens?, Oh yeah. Yeah, of course. Of course I do like this movie, yes., What 2 things do you like about it?, The monster like the graphics, sounds, and motion, and everything was amazing. Also like the the acting of almost everyone in the movie was perfect, especially the main character she she was amazing., What else do you like about Aliens?, I don't remember the movie very well, to be honest. I don't remember what I used to like about it. I just like the fact that it's like like a different species invading Earth, and I like this kind of stuff, you know?, Do you like The Heist?, What about the movie Whiplash?, No. No, I didn't watch that, either., How about Hunger Games?, Of course. Of course, one of my favorite., Can you name 2 things that make it one of your favorites? Could you tell me the type of movies you prefer?, I love action movies., Perfect! Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, I love Mr. and Mrs. Smith. That's a great one., Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, Sure, but first of all Mr. & Mrs Smith, I'm talking about the one made in 2006 with Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt. Its a tonne of fun, its actually is funny along with the action. The action sequences are really well done, really fun like just a lot going on but also well choreographed, good cinematography, and acting. And the movie is great, really makes a difference when the actors are good in the action movie., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, I really didn't like, Quantum of Solace, It's not the type of the movie. It really is that particular one. The new James Bonds just leave a lot be desired. They used to be really fun action movies, little nod, little wink, and great action. The action has been tepid at best, and the story and the tone of the movie has gotten so serious, it's almost like a drama. And it's just not fun anymore., So would you enjoy a movie like Wonder Woman ?, Yes. Very much., And again, it'd be great to hear why you enjoy that type of movie, I love the female lead. I love the action. I like superhero. It has a lot of great things going for it. Gal Gadot's a great choice., Let's chat about one more movie. How about, Mad Max: Fury Road, I think that's a great kind of a movie., It really has a lot going for it, but it good acting, good directing, really good scenes., It was surprising surprisingly good because I don't really like dystopian futuristic stuff, but I think because of the casting in particular and the way it was done it was really good., Ok, Is there anything else about that type of genre you really like?, No, its usually a genre that is a mess, but that was a good movie., Oh Ok, thanks!, Thanks for your time! What kind of movies do you like?, I like documentaries., what do you like about documentaries?, Well, I like learning things and I like that I can experience things more vividly when learning about something than say through a book or through articles or whatever. Like usually documentaries have relevant imagery you know videos shots from locations that they're covering or or you know, whatever it is, there's usually relevant video to go with it to add to the entertainment and interest., what kind of documentaries do you like?, I particularly enjoy technology and video game related documentaries because I enjoy both of those. I like learning about their history, I like learning about different perspectives on on different matters., nice, can you name a documentary that you liked?, Anything by Ahoi. Retro Ahoi. The previous documentary that was really good, really well researched, really well articulated. I mean just, it was like professional grade. Should have been on TV kind of documentary, in my opinion, and he's just a YouTuber., how about the kind of movies that you didn't like, can you describe them for me?, I'm not usually a big fan of action movies just because they seem over the top and cheesy most of the time., so you prefer more serious movies?, Generally speaking again, it depends on subject matter but yeah, ok. can you name a movie that you didn't like?, Max Payne, what did you dislike about this movie? What movies do you like?, I like dramas., what makes you interested in drama films, I like how real life it is and the accuracy and just like the truthfulness of the moments., is there a specific title that you enjoy, I like, Let's start with Moonlight., what makes you interested in Moonlight, I like that it's got a gay theme, cuz I I am gay, so it gives me good inspiration to know that I can get through it., I definitely understand how you'd like this movie and how you can make a connection., Yeah. It's perfect for me., are there any movies you dislike?, I don't like, I don't like action movies like The Avengers, what makes you dislike action movies such as the Avengers?, I just don't think it's real life. I think it's too much of a fantasy that I just can't grab on to., have you seen Bridesmaids, Yes., I have., what did you like about that movie, I just thought it was cool and funny and I like the talent., I just love it., Love the writing., thank you for that information it that was very helpful. What type of movies do you like?, I like action movies., Why do you find action movies interesting?, I like the climax of the characters, how they go through interaction daily with fighting but also having emotions. It gives me a humane feel to the movie., And I also like just the dramatics of the high budget., Is there a specific movie from that genre you enjoy?, I like Fast and the Furious., What did you enjoy about it?, I love the story line how it was mostly about family, but also had fast cars. The cars were like up to date, but also in the future. I just like how everything was like managed to be together like a central theme of togetherness and action., Are there any types of movies you don't like?, I don't like romantic comedies., Why don't you like them?, I don't think that their real life Nothing about it inspires me. It is just a place to me where people who are like attractive get to do movies. So, I don't like it., Are there any particular movies you don't like?, Maid in Manhattan, Why did you not enjoy it?, Don't like J. Lo in it, don't like the storyline, don't like the plot, don't like the writing, don't like the scenery, just doesn't seem like a great movie., I can definitely understand why you wouldn't be interested, Yeah., It's just not my thing., Have you seen Mission Impossible, Yes., What did you enjoy or dislike about that movie?, I like the action. I like the or the sci fi aspect of it, but also being real life because it's Mission: Impossible, which is like spy stuff. So to me, it was just like a more of a real thing, which I really liked., Thank you for taht, Thank you., Bye. What kind of movies do you like?, I like romantic comedies., So what do you think about The Shape of Water?, You know I know that was a highly rated movie, but for whatever reason at the time I didn't get into it or I didn't see many trailers for it, so I really don't know much about it. I think it won an academy award or two, but just never heard much about it., Do you think if you saw more about it, you would have watched it?, Might have., It's hard to say when you know very little about a movie, except that it had an unusual title., What movie have you seen recently?, Oh. Well, I watched Sherlock Holmes movies actually., And I saw Dunkirk recently., on TV, Do you like movies about conflicts?, I like history a lot, and so, A lot of World War II movies, I find interesting., but I would even watch documentaries. I'm a huge PBS fan., curious about the word, I guess you could say., I like to learn why the conflict started., What kind of movies do you not like?, I'm not a big fan of musicals as movies., Did you see Wonder Woman?, Wonder Woman, I've seen parts of it on TV., But I haven't seen the whole thing., What did you like about it?, Well, there was action, there was some comedy in it that was fun, and of course Wonder Woman looks great. Just looking at Wonder Woman is good for guys. But she was cool. She She had spunk, as Lou Grant would say., And she could take care of herself, so, I liked assertive women., Is The Matrix a movie that interests you?, The first one interested me. I didn't think the second and third ones were as nearly as good., Yeah. It's Sometimes it just seemed weird for weird's sake, but it certainly held my interest trying to figure out what was going on., It had an element of mystery to it, I guess you could say., Do you like or dislike the movie Aliens?, Oh, I dislike it. It's I don't know if it's officially a horror movie or sci-fi horror movie, but I refuse to go to any horror movies. I don't pay money to get scared., What did you dislike the most about it?, Well, jumping out of my seat., being scared, That's not my idea of entertainment., Thank you for your input. Have a nice day, Thank you. i'd like to know what kind of movies you like, Yeah, I like any movies that have to do with the future, you know, like dystopian futuristic science fiction-type movies., nice, what do you like about them?, It gives you kind of a weird and warped view into the future, and it kind It's just interesting that to see the worlds like different from the vision of the director., can you name a movie that you really liked?, Yeah, I'm sure you've heard of it. It's called The Matrix. It's very popular. That really fits the bill here., nice, what did you like about the matrix?, Great story line, great actors, very believable. Aand it feels like something that could really happen in the future., how about the kinds of movies that you don't like, can you tell me more about them?, It's simple really. Movies that I don't like is ones that bore me. I give all movies a shot. Do you know what I mean? Even if it's something I haven't watched before like a foreign movie, a subtitle movie, it can be anything. I will watch it and I will try to enjoy it., right, most movies deserve a chance., Yes, I agree., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, Any of the Twilight movies., so you don't like when vampires shine?, No, and I don't like werewolves, either., have you seen blade runner?, Yes., what did you think about this movie?, It was a great movie. It's older. It's very interesting to see how they thought the future would look back then. It It's gotten I should really rewatch it now that I think about it cuz I rewatched I watched the the sequel, which was okay, but not too great., what didn't you like about the sequel?, The original movie had a specific ambiance. I guess it's hard to explain. It felt like you're part of a world that was woven by the director. The new one just felt like it was an action movie., And there wasn't there wasn't that much. It felt like it was kind of drab. Let me put it that way., do you like how the first one has a more noir style?, Yes, I think I think that's all right. I think that's exactly it. What kind of movies do you like?, I like mysteries, adventures, and romance the most., Why do you enjoy these genres and is there a specific film?, Let's see. Gosh, there's so many movies I like. I really like Titanic and movies like that that have adventure and romance in them. Let's see. The stars that are in it, as well as the story, and there is you know a lot of action, kind of like I was on the edge of my seat the entire time., Is there a reason why you enjoy that movie?, I like a movie that has a fast pace., Is there a movie genre you dislike?, Yes, science fiction., Is there a specific movie you dislike?, I really don't like the movies like The Avengers and those types, the superhero movies., Have you seen the movie Crazy Rich Asians?, Yes, I have. And I really liked it., What did you enjoy about it ?, I thought it was so funny and I thought that I wouldn't enjoy it because the stars of the movie were all unknown, but it didn't matter. They just The whole ensemble cast they all worked so well together and I thought the writing was really good the It just it made me laugh and I thought the story was really interesting, too., Have you seen the movie Searching?, No. I haven't., Have you seen the movie Bridesmaids?, Yes, great movie., What did you enjoy about it?, Great cast and it was just hilarious. I just found it so funny and I think the cast was great and they were all comic actors and I I just I think that plus the rating just made an awesome movie. Do you like movies like the Spotlight?, Yeah, for the most part I do like movies like Spotlight., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, It's a controversial topic that is covering and it's trying to send a message about what they're doing now. It depicted a preachiness I think because that's what the journalists were doing but still came off a little bit that way but a really great movie and it doesn't take away from it. It's just a little bit I I still would put all the president's men of those kinds of movies ahead of spotlight one of the reasons because of that., Do you like movies like Inside Man?, I don't know that movie., Do you like movies like Good Will Hunting?, Love Good Will Hunting., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well, for this particular movie, the cast was perfect. Now you got the cast to be perfect because of the involvement of the actors in making the film, otherwise they would have gone for bigger names at the time, and a different cast, and it wouldn't have been such a good movie. That they came off as authentic to the Boston area was an important part of the movie. The script is great. The actors are excellent., It's believable, and also really hopeful. They're original story, which is amazing. Really an amazing story that they came up with. And But also had moments of lightness to it that help balance out sort of the more serious journey that the movie takes you on., Can you say a little more about that please?, Sure, the movie itself is rather serious. It's taking, you know, a guy who was sort of ordinary and not making a ton of money to being someone who everybody wanted sort of a piece of to study because his mind was so amazing, and it had been discovered. So it's a very serious movie, but him dating Minnie Driver's character, his involvement, storyline with Robin Williams is extremely serious, given his background. Yet, the times with his friends, with Minnie, with Robin, where there's a few lighter moments that have to balance out the movie into a much more well-rounded movie than it otherwise would have been., Do you like movies like When Harry Met Sally?, Love When Harry Met Sally. Love it., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well, first of all, it's a romantic comedy, which is my favorite genre. When Harry Met Sally itself is, Exceptional in that it doesn't try to do too much except what they are trying to do. They are two actors who are really they are focused on mostly on the two actors and then the four actors. They do it so well, the script is absolutely amazing, the direction is fantastic, it really doesn't try to be more than it is and it's totally charming and you can watch it a million times., Can you say a little more about that please?, Sure. Some of the best movies ever made are fantastic, but you don't always want to watch them over and over and over again. When Harry Met Sally is the kind of movie that is fantastic, and as a romantic comedy, a little more approachable, a little more likable, and it's something you can watch many many times over the years. I've seen that more times than I can count, and even though I know what's going to happen, it's enjoyable every time., Thank you for another most insightful critique. Have a nice weekend., You, too. so, what kind of movies do you like?, I really like comedy movies., what do you like about comedy movies?, They just make me feel good, and just kind of let you hang out. And they're not usually too in depth, so you can just pick it up whenever., so you like movies that aren't that serious?, I like both., is there any particular movie that you've liked a lot?, I really like The Other Guys., what did you like about this movie?, I like the two actors. The two main actors were very funny and just gelled together well. I liked The plot was funny. It just had a funny vibe going through it and just the way everything happened just really bounced off and jelled well together., nice. how about the kind of movies that you don't like, can you tell me more about them?, I'm not a huge fan of horror movies. I don't like being scared., ok, so you don't like the jump scares?, No, not at all., can you name a movie that you didn't like at all?, I did not like the Insidious movies., what didn't you like about them?, I didn't like all of the the just I just don't like the scary part of it. I don't like going into movies to become scared., ok, have you seen x-men?, I've not seen X-Men, how about The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1?, I have seen that movie., what did you like about it?, It was just a good action movie. I had read the books before, so I already knew what was going to happen, but it really captured the feeling of the book quite well., nice, do you like movies based on books?, Some of them. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like horror movies a lot, and I think I like them because I just like how they make me feel., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, There's one that came out a few years ago called It Follows that I liked a lot., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Yeah, and the the cinematography is really good and it's scary in a way that a lot of horror movies don't try to be scary., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I don't like the movie Grease., What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., It's got a lot of singing in it, and I don't like musicals, and I just think it's annoying., Do you like the movie Rampage ?, I've never seen the movie Rampage., Have you heard of this movie?, I've never heard of that movie., Do you like the movie Hereditary ?, I do like the movie Hereditary., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I think it was really beautifully shot, and I like the acting in it., Do you like the movie The Shape of Water ?, No, I don't like that movie., What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., I thought the plot was stupid, and I'm not a fan of the director., Do you like the movie The Wolf of Wall Street ?, I kind of like that movie., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, It's kind of an interesting true story, and it's just super crazy to watch., Do you like the movie V ?, I've never seen that., Do you like the movie Logan ?, No, I don't like that movie., Why do you dislike this movie? 2 reasons please, I typically don't like superhero movies very much, even when I think I'm going to. And that's all I can remember, actually. I think I thought it was boring., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., You, too. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like all kinds, but I really like the the superhero movies, especially the Marvel Universe ones. I like them because they have They seem to always really get get really good actors, and I just like comic books in general, and then the themes that the they use in the movies, and the production value of them is generally top notch, especially the Marvel ones., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, I really like the the Iron Man ones, the very first one especially, and the second one was really good. But I guess right now probably The Avengers. That series is just really good. The last one wasn't quite as good as the first two, but I hear good things about the second one, or the next one that's coming out, so I can't wait to see that one., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I am not a big horror fan. Lot of people like that like the Purge movies or I don't know, The House on Haunted Hill. I can't really think of a lot of the names cuz to me, they all just kind of sound the same, but It's not to say I won't watch one, but I just don't actively It'd probably be more one that I would maybe rent at rent at Redbox or watch at Netflix. It's not something that I would go be waiting on a Friday night, Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, No, not really a specific movie. Generally, if I don't like something, I just don't watch it. So I would have to to really dislike something, I would have to watch it all the way through. To me, if it's not If it's not any good in the first 15 or 20 minutes, I'll just stop watching or do something else. And I'm generally pretty good The movies that I go to the movies to see You know, I try to make sure that they're going to be really good and worth, Worth watching before, so I don't have to like walk out of the movies or anything. But if it's something that I've rented or try to watch on Netflix it's no good, after about 10 to 15 minutes, I'll just switch., Have you seen Black Panther, Yeah, I have some. That one was really good. I'll probably put that on my list of the best of the modern series., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I just enjoyed pretty much everything. I liked the story. It was neat the way they did it. I've never I was never a Black Panther comic book fan. I don't even think I might have one maybe with him in it, but I think it was with him and somebody else. But so it's not like a comic book character that I thought I wasn't sure if I would enjoy the movie, but it was very surprising cuz it was probably one of the best the best Marvel movies they've done so far,, clear with the very first time Iron Man., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! What types of movies do you usually see?, I usually see comedies, action movies, superhero movies, teen movies, occasionally dramas or suspense movies., ok. Tell me one of your favorite movies., The pretty Pretty Woman is one of my favorite movies., Great. Why did you like it?, Pretty Woman is sort of a I think it gets billed as a romantic comedy, but it's much more of a romantic comedy drama. It has a lot of dramatic points to it. The pairing of Julia Roberts and Richard Gere is pitch-perfect, and it's one of the best pairings to like every grace the big screen. So the writing on the movie is fantastic., the interactions between the characters especially Julia and Richard are what really make the movie and it's it's a wonderful it's a funny endearing movie., Alright. Can you name a bad movie?, Sure. The Ugly Truth is a bad movie., What was so bad about it?, Where to begin? It was billed as a like when it was promoted on commercials and start it was builled as a romantic comedy. It is not. It is It All it has a star of a man and a woman who were supposedly supposed to be in a romance . It's more of a gross out comedy, sort of a shock comedy. It had gross out humor. It had a lot of, rudeness and juvenile behavior. It was really bizarre what they were going for. I usually like Katherine Heigl, this was not a good movie. And her co-star in it, Gerard Butler, he is highly overrated. I don't know how he keeps getting these starring roles., Got it. Have you seen Bridesmaids?, Yes, I have., ok. What did you like about it?, Bridesmaids is a great movie, funny, really well written, really well acted, and it's a little more original. It's sort of a but had a lot of laugh out loud humor and it had little more shocking humor at times, a little more, Graphic humor at times but with a female leading cast and that's being extremely rare in movies. So, it was a really refreshing movie but just a really a very funny one., Okay, so have you seen Searching?, No, I don't think so., No, I haven't seen it., How about Skyscraper?, I think that might be a recent one maybe with The Rock. I have not seen that., do you plan to see it?, That's the one that I would watch if it came on TV, yeah, I would I would watch that one. It's I think it's just it's just like a general action movie like sort of action adventure. So, yeah, that one I'd watch., okay, how about Nocturnal animals?, Oh god, no., why not?, If I remember correctly, that is one of two things. That is either a scarier movie or a sort of a dramatic movie that has extremely that has a lot of darkness to it, sort of like verging on being a Quentin Tarantino movie. So probably something I'm not going to watch. It would have to be like an Oscar contending me for me to want to see that kind of a movie., so you don't like that type of movie?, It's not my favorite. It doesn't mean I'll never I wouldn't I wouldn't watch it but it would have to be get like excellent reviews. It would have to be considered, you know, really critically acclaimed for me to probably watch a movie like that., okay. thank you for your time., You're welcome. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like animated movies., Well, tell me why do you like animated movies?, It reminds me of childhood and keep me happy. It makes me believe in the impossible., how about a movie you liked?, The Incredibles 2., alright, Why did you like that movie?, I thought it was very funny, but also centralized on the importance of family., which I thought was beautiful., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, I do not like, Million Dollar Baby, oh, Why not?, I didn't think it was authentic or real to the female experience of what it's like to be a boxer., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Lion King, Yeah., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I like the fairy taleness of The Lion King. I didn't like how he died, but you know I like the story in general about family., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. what kind of movies do you like?, I like a lot of action movies. And sometimes animation if they fit right with my personal liking., what do you like about these kinds of movies?, Animation you could do a whole bunch of stuff that you cannot do with live action. Sometimes CGI is never the best option and the best way to go about like impossible stuff is do it in animation because the idea's limitless on what you can do., can you name a movie that you really liked?, Last movie I really liked was Justice League., what did you like about this movie?, Even though they give bad stuff about the bad CGI in the movie, it's still a guilty pleasure of mine. I'm a real DC fan even though Marvel is good, but I still enjoy DC a lot more cuz their heroes and are a lot more and have more character to them. It was great seeing Batman played by Ben Affleck be pretty great. Superman was really good., Wonder Woman was enjoyable, and the introduction of Aquaman and Cyborg and Flash really made the movie interesting to watch. Especially Aquaman with his funny quotes here and there., nice, what kind of movies do you dislike?, I don't like horror movies at all. They're not my go to at all, I wouldn't watch one., what do you dislike about them?, I just don't like scary things in general. One, they give me nightmares sometimes. And I don't really like having nightmares because, I sometimes forget they're dreams and cuz they like look so real sometimes., And probably like the realism of horror movies is what gets me. Cuz there are sometimes like I feel like when I'm home alone, something might happen to me when I don't want it to., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, Last movie I did not like was I'm trying to remember., Hm., I did not like X-Men: Days of Future Past at all., what did you dislike about it?, I just didn't like the reboot of the X-Men. I think if they wanted to do more with the X-Men, they should've just went forward and ignored the first three first three movies, and added onto it with original characters like Wolverines, Cyclops, Patrick Stewart as the Professor., But yeah, I still like the move of making a brand-new trilogy for the X-Men. That's about it., cool! have you seen inside out?, No, I have not seen Inside Out. But I I have that on the list of what I want to watch., ok, how about Bohemian Rhapsody?, I have not seen it. But I want to see it because my uncle is a huge Queen fan. Well, not huge, but he likes listening to Queen. And I am, too. And I would like to learn more about Queen because I wasn't born in that era or born in the era. Or know know what happened., What those What that group? What sort of movies to you like?, I like westerns like The Magnificent Seven Magnificent Seven, sorry. Action movies sort of like Dredd or, Lethal Weapon. I'm not into like movies like Terminator, which is kind of too not my style. I do like Star Wars and Interstellar a lot, though., What was the last movie you watched?, The last movie I watched was Magnificent 7., It was a pretty good movie, and I loved it., what did you like about it most?, It had the right amount of action. It had right amount of comedy from Chris Pratt. The accuracy they chose for the film were amazing. They had a villan that you really would love to hear. The director was pretty good. I enjoyed most of what the director made which was like Southpaw or training day., And I really did enjoy the western vibe that was which was the main setting of the story., What do you check for when picking a movie?, I check length, run time of the movie. Sometimes I like to watch a long movie, maybe 2 hours or 2 hours and 30 minutes. Sometimes a shorter movie, like an hour 30. If I wanted, Probably wanted to watch action if I was in that kind of a mood, or if I was wanting to catch up on a superhero movie, or watch that instead., Thank you. Good bye., Thank you. Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, Yeah. I guess probably recently, it would be, Black Panther, What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like the superhero genre. This maybe in particular was a little bit different. It kind of dealt into the character a little more and wasn't wasn't just a you know wasn't just a superhero movie. It had a lot more to it, and it was a character that I didn't know a lot about, and start was kind of surprising and new to me., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, Pretty much any horror movie. I'd say Or maybe like A Quiet Place was the only one I can really think of cuz to be honest, when I see horror movies' advertisements, I just usually kind of tune them out. But that one just seems kind of dumb to me. It was a world where you had to be completely quiet, otherwise the monsters were going to get you. It just didn't seem very realistic., What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, I'm just not a fan I mean they don't scare me and I'm just not a it's just not my cup of tea. And plus it seems like they come out with one every every couple of weeks there is a different hurt you know, some kind of different take on horror movies from old and then they start, I'll take a good, old drama or a superhero movie any day., Have you watched the movie Bridesmaids ?, Yeah, I've seen that., It's pretty good., did you like it, Yeah, it was funny., I'm surprised they haven't come out with another one yet., what is it about this kind of movie that you like the most, Generally if the acting's good and it's funny, you know, movies like that, kind of like The Hangover, Road Trip., No, they're funny. enjoyable You don't really have to think that much about them, and you can just go and laugh and lie down., Just not have to think, have a good time., Alright. Have you watched the movie Jason Bourne ?, Yeah, I've seen those. The first couple. I didn't really stick with it., After the second one, where they killed his wife off, and they didn't do that at all in the books, I kind of stopped watching them. I might go back and watch them though, because it's been a while and I've reread the books since then, too. But I generally like that kind of movie, and it was a good movie. But it just ventured so far away from the books, and at the time, I had just finished reading the books when they came out, so after, Well they killed her off early in the second movie and you know, in the book she really She stays on till the newer books came out. I don't know, it just kind of turned me off to them a little bit, But I would definitely be up to going back and watching them now., Alright. Thank you for the information., Until next time, You're welcome. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I enjoy all type movies. Movies that have a good storyline., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like the music in the movies. I like the visuals in the movies and the architecture. And I like a good original story., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, The Grand Budapest Hotel, What did you like about this movie?, I like the colors in the movie. The visuals are good. The movie was funny bit it also had a really good story., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I do not like horror movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, I don't like being scared or watching people die., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I do not like Saw., What do you dislike about this movie?, And I dislike the psychological horror in movie and I also don't like watching people die, it's very bloody., Have you seen Moonrise Kingdom?, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I like the movie because the pictures are really appealing. It had a nice visual color. It also had a really cute story., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! Hi., Do you like movies like Star Wars?, I love Star Wars. I even like the new ones. I don't care what anybody says. The Last Jedi was pretty good, and the one before it was even even better. And I even like the Han Solo story, although it was kind of slow but I'll tell you, the one that was really good to me was the the Rogue One. I really really enjoyed that one. I can't wait till the next one comes out., Solo was pretty good! There are some great theories about the Last Jedi. What do you like about these type of movies?, Just the story. I saw the first Star Wars when I was, And it still makes going to the movies fun, kind of brings you back to that time when you were a little kid and you know you might get to go to the movies once every couple months., That's pretty interesting. Are there any other movies in this genre that you like? Dare I ask, star trek?, Yeah, I like Star Trek. I recently watched went back and watched all the different TV series and then went and watched all the different TV or all the different movies. And I'm not a super big fun of the first ones although the movies for the first ones were probably the best of the series, but I'm not a big fun of the first series. I try to watch it, re-watch it there's the first 3 seasons, and it was hard it was hard to get through it just because that is the acting's so bad , and the stars were so bad, but I like all the movies. The movies I haven't found a movie I didn't like in the Star Wars series. Although there was that one that was not quite as good as the rest, but Star Trek's good. I could go for another Star Trek movie., Awesome. Thank you so much for this information! It's been really helpful. I really appreciate it. Hello., Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, One of my favorite movies is The Dark Knight., What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I thoroughly enjoyed the story and characters in this movie., What else?, I also felt that the acting overall was top notch., Can you tell me more about that please?, The movie has a lot of good acting, especially Heath Ledger as the Joker and Christian Bale as Batman., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, I didn't enjoy the Jurassic World: Fallen movie., What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, I felt that the story was very lazy written overall., What else other than the story?, Also felt that at certain points in the movie the CGI was somehow weak., Anything else?, No., Have you watched the movie Thor?, Yes, I have., did you like it ?, Yes, I did., What is it about this kind of movie that you like the most?, I enjoy the fact that it's based on a comic series and I like the characterization and story of the movie., do you like all Marvel movies?, Yes., what is it about Marvel movies that you like the most, They tend to be well-produced, well-developed, have good acting, good story lines, good characters, stuff like that., Anything about this kind of movie that you dislike ?, Sometimes I feel that they try to cram too much in the movie., Okay. now. Have you watched the movie The Matrix, Yes., did you like it?, Yes, I did., What is it about this kind of movie that you like the most?, I also felt the movie was very mind opening, interesting to watch and especially SGI which was technological advanced for it's time., Anything about this kind of movie that you dislike ?, No., Alright. Thank you for the information., Goodbye. What kind of movies do you like?, I like drama movies., What was the most recent movie that surprised you?, I I saw U 571., Was there anything you didnt like about the movie?, I did not like the plot holes or the historical inaccuracies., What genre of movie is your least favorite?, I don't like romantic movies., What is a movie that you have seen recently that disappointed you?, I was very disappointed with Maleficent., Have you seen Dunkirk?, I have not., Have you seen Wonder Woman?, I have., What did you dislike about the movie?, I did not like the fact that it had a female protagonist., What did you like the most?, I did like the fact that it was a superhero movie, but that was about it., Thank you for your input. have a nice day What sort of movies do you like?, I like comedies sort of like 40-Year-Old Virgin or Dirty Grandpa. I was really into Baywatch a lot I really liked that movie even though nobody really liked it that much., What did you like about it?, was funny. It was entertaining. It wasn't supposed to be a super serious movie, but at the same time, I enjoyed it. I think that's what the whole point of movies are, is just enjoying it., who's your favorite actor or actress?, That's kind of hard. I really like Denzel Washington a lot. He's good an actor. He knows how to, get to people's emotions that are watching his movies without, You know, trying to make make it a big deal or anything. And he usually doesn't do sequels a lot, which is pretty cool because the majority of his movies are unique, and they're different, even though they're kind of like the same subject. He just doesn't do the same He doesn't go to the same film name to do it for money. He does it cuz, He has to try something new., did you watch his movie equalizer?, I have not yet but I do plan on it before watching the second Equalizer., thank you, See you later, Thank you very much. See you later. what kind of movies do u like watching?, I like movies that, you know, have a great story line, that are memorable, that have great acting, that you can't, you know, that make you cry or are very emotional movies., can u name a movie that fits what you've mentioned?, what about that movie did u like?, It's just very interesting overall., what about a movie u didn't like?, Movies I didn't like there are so many movies that are bad, you know, the the acting is terrible, it doesn't keep your interest. You just want to turn it off. Just poor poor acting, very cheaply image movies, is there a movie that fits that description u can name for me, There is a movie like this movie called Super Buddies. I mean, I like animals and stuff, but this movie was just stupid and silly., what qualities specifically didn't u like about it?, It just was really a silly plot. Didn't keep my interest. It was not what I thought it was going to be. You know, it was kind of silly., thanks so much for sharing. going on a bit of a tangent, have u watched titanic, Oh, yeah. I've seen Titanic. I seen it a long time ago., did u like it, Yeah, I like Titanic. You know, it was based on real events and I thought the acting was great. I really liked it., what qualities of the movie did u like, aside from the acting, Well, I thought it was believable. It made me sad. I felt emotional after watching it so it really had an impact on me. What kind of movies do you like?, I like a good action movie., Like Mission Impossible?, Love that series the the latest one, Fallout, is one one of the best action movies, I think, ever., What did you like about it, Well like I think most people probably, the stunts and how real they looked and knowing that Tom Cruise actually did them was part of why they were so exciting., What parts didn't you like?, Of Mission: Impossible? Well the stories are never that great. They're always kind of convoluted and hard to follow. But I thought the latest one was probably one of the better stories cuz it was pretty simple., What movies do you stay away from?, Oh. Well as a genre, usually kind of rom com, romantic comedies., I like comedies. And I don't mind the romantic things. I don't know. Maybe it's just all those movies seem to be the same movie. But, I don't know. I just don't typically like them very much., Did you watch the Hunger Games series?, I saw the first one, and I think the second one, but I didn't finish it, no., What did you dislike about the first one?, Maybe cuz it wasn't rated R. I don't know. It seemed like the premise of it deserved or required a more violent or harsher take, a more adult, and I think it felt like they like pulled their punches a little bit, and it also seemed like a story I'd kind of seen before., I don't know., Have you seen Battle Royale?, Yes, I think there's multiple like sequels maybe of them. But I haven't seen those. I've seen the first one though, the original one that Hunger Games is compared to a lot of times., What did you like about Battle Royale?, Well, it kind of I guess hits that note of you know it's the premise is dark it's you know kids or school age kids killing each other and it actually shows the violence of that. So like if you are going to go with that premise, go with that premise all the away. Don't Don't try to mitigate it with like a PG 13 rating or something like go all in or don't go all., I don't go at all, and I think that was probably the biggest difference in those two movies., Thank you for your input, have a great day, You, too. What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedies., Why do you like comedies?, I like movies that make me laugh., Can you name a particular comedy movie that you like?, I really like The Three Amigos., What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, I like that it has very silly jokes, and I like the actors in it., Can you name another reason?, I like a lot of slapstick humor, and that's in the movie., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I do not like Apocalypse Now., What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, The movie is way too long, and it's also too gory., Do you like the movie Despicable Me?, It's okay. I think it's a cute movie., can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like the animation in it and I like the voice actors in it., Can you give me another reason, as we cannot use the actor response., I like the jokes in it., Do you like the movie Wonder Woman ?, Yes, I do., Last question: can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like the actors in it and I think it's an exciting and fun movie to watch., Thank you for your feedback. Good night., Good night. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I really like romantic comedies. They're my favorite., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They are funny. Usually a little lighthearted, usually has possibly heartwarming, has a happy ending, so it's nothing that will really get you down, and it's usually something that you'll leave feeling good after watching. They're also really easy to watch., That's awesome, Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Yeah, While You Were Sleeping is one of my favorites., What did you like about this movie?, It was an unexpected delight. It is extremely well acted and well written, but it's it's sort of an untraditional. It's not a traditional romantic comedy. It is sort of a romantic comedy paired with a family comedy, and it really works, but it's it's it's very endearing., It's nice to see movies not follow a formula and go out of the box, Yes, very true., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I'm not the biggest fan of scary movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, I just don't enjoy being scared. It could It can cause me to have nightmares, so in order to actually watch a scary movie, I have to sort of remind myself that it's fake, which sort of takes away the point of watching it in the first place, so I usually just avoid them., I can definitely understand that, Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, If that's a horror film, Like Alien is a great movie, but not one I could ever watch., What do you dislike about this movie?, That'll give me nightmares., It has literally things that will give me nightmares. Like the pictures from it, I've watched a few minutes here and there, and it is It's so disgusting and definitely things that I would somehow work into my dreams that would turn into nightmares. So despite it being well acted and one of Sigourney Weaver's best movies ever, I just can't., Have you seen the movie Crazy Rich Asians?, Yeah, that's a great movie., What did you like or dislike about this title?, First of all its great because it has a cast that's Asian which is very unusual for a romantic comedy. Its unusual in general for a Hollywood movie but its even unusual for a romantic comedy. So it was nice a nice change and still kind of like an ordinary romantic comedy story, so it really worked, very funny, very good cast, and I'm looking forward to the sequel., Thank you for your time and have a great day! Bye! What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, Some of my favorites are romantic comedies., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Yes. I love You've Got Mail., What did you like about that kind of film?, The cast is fantastic, the writing is superb, and it's just very heartwarming but also very funny and obviously there is romance. The supporting cast is really good and adds to the overall film, so it's just not about the romance. Every part of it actually works including the parts where they're not together and it's not about them, it's more about the businesses that are competing. So, the whole movie is great but it's something, You can watch over and over again., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, The ugly truth is that movie I really don't like that's like a romantic comedy I don't like., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, It was It's billed as a romantic comedy, but it's really more of a, I don't know, shock comedy or gross-out comedy. It is not endearing, not funny. It's sort of bizarre and crass. The humor is much more juvenile than what should be in a romantic comedy. It just didn't work all the way around. I usually like Katherine Heigl's movies, but that was a bust., Have you heard about the movie Deadpool?, Yes., Have you watched the movie before?, I have., What did you like about that kind of movie?, I really like superhero movies which Deadpool is one, but this is a different one where there is a lot of focus on comedy and the writing is very important because there is such a focus on comedy and, so it's different but it really works. It's a very entertaining and a very atypical for a superhero movie and Ryan Reynolds is just great in it., Ok Tell me what type of movies you like., I really like comedies and science fiction movies., Perfect! Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, I recently watched a movie called Sorry to Bother You, and I really enjoyed it., Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, I thought like it was very different and doesn't fall like the normal script and was very funny and interesting to watch., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, A movie recently that I haven't didn't didn't like was Ant-Man and the Wasp. It wasn't the greatest movie., Alright. And, what are some things you really don't like about that type of movie?, I felt like the movie was very predictable and followed like a script that all kinds of superhero movies have which I didn't enjoy that much because it wasn't very different from what I usually watch., How about the movie Mamma Mia what do you think about that one?, I've never watched it, but I don't typically watch musicals, so I don't think I would like it that much., Ok and one more, One More, How about Crazy Rich Asians ?, I haven't watched that movie but I think that I would enjoy it a lot and I look forward to watching in the future., Ok great, anything else about that type of movie you like?, No, that's all., thanks for you time, Thank you. What type of movies do you like?, I like like Constantine, and I like a lot of Disney movies, too., any particular disney movie you like?, Good question. I like, I think one of my favorite movies was Moana. It was It was really good., what did you like about moana?, It was just really nice to watch it. I thought it was a really good movie., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, Movie I didn't like I think the, The Incredibles 2 wasn't really that good., did you think it was overhyped too?, Yeah, I did actually., anything else you didn't like about it?, I just felt like the story was really bland., have you heard of the movie Maze Runner?, No, I haven't. I've heard of it, but I've never seen it., what about The Dark Knight?, Oh, The Dark Knight. I've watched it a long time ago but I think it was a pretty good movie., can you remember what you liked about it?, I think it was the setting, like I really like Batman, so you know, Batman's just really cool. So I thought it was a pretty interesting movie., okay. thank you What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like dramas and thrillers., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They're just They usually have interesting stories and they keep you guessing as to what's going to happen. It's They're usually not very boring. So, you're never finding yourself like falling asleep or thinking about other stuff during the movie. You're constantly engaged with it., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Reservoir Dogs is kind of a drama/thriller, so I would consider that one., What did you like about this movie?, The story's just really well told, and it's interesting, like it And it's told in a unique way, where it's kind of flashbacks and flash forwards and just Overall, the story's really neat, cuz bank heists are cool, but it's more It's about a bank heist like after it. You don't even see the bank heist, so it's just a neat way to tell the story., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I'm not a big fan of action movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, They're just kind of boring and mindless. I mean, I like them every once in a while, but they all just make you feel like an hour and a half of just the same thing over and over of action scenes and things blowing up which is cool for a while, but they get boring pretty fast., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Not an action movie, but I didn't like Twilight movies. Which I only saw two of them, but I doubt the other ones are any better., What do you dislike about this movie?, The acting was terrible. The story wasn't interesting. I don't know. Nothing grabbed me about it. I was bored the whole time., Have you seen Bohemian Rhapsody, Nope., Have you seen The Shawshank redemption, Yes, I have. It's a good movie., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, Prison movies in general which is kind of good. Although maybe I just think that because I really like Shawshank but the story is really interesting, and just the characters are really good in that movie. And seeing how they develop over time which is really good movie. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like comedy movies like Adam Sandler movies. I like The Waterboy. I like Happy Gilmore., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I like The Waterboy because he makes me laugh, it's it's a feel good story. It's for good versus evil, conquering your fears., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I did not like, Project X I just It was It didn't have much of a plot, just just just a bunch of people running around. It didn't really, The characters were There There wasn't any character building type of thing. The characters just were like doing anything., Do you like the movie Halloween ?, Yeah. I like that movie. I like scary movies., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like that People get murdered., I like I like the gruesome scenes people get murdered the scary sounds in the back of the movie., The characters, good versus evil, trying to get rid of evil., Do you like the movie The Purge: Election Year?, No, I have never seen that movie., Have you heard of this movie?, No, I've never heard of the movie., Do you like the movie Star Wars: The Last Jedi ?, Yes, I do like that because light sabers, the action, the movement of the spaceships around in space, the fights between, The fights between good versus evil, I like the characters in it., Do you like the movie the Other Side of the Wind ?, I've never heard of that movie., Do you like the movie Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?, I never seen that movie. I've I've I've seen a Harry Porter movie but not that not that one., Have you heard of this movie?, I might have heard of that movie from sometime ago, but I've never seen it. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like most movies, but I especially like movies that are based on true stories., Why do you enjoy those types of movies?, I think it's easier to get interested in them and to feel more involved cuz you know it happened, or at least it's based on something that happened, so it feels more real, as opposed to a fictional story., I can definitely understand that, is there a specific film you enjoy?, The most recent one I watched was Moneyball. That was really good. It's a baseball movie., What did you enjoy about it?, I like At least right now I like baseball cuz it's playoff times and I'm enjoying that, but it's also just an interesting story. It has Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill and it's just well acted and a really interesting story., Are there any type of movies that you dislike?, I don't really like romantic comedies that much., Is there a specific reason why?, They just all feel the same to me. They just They're not very enjoyable, and they all feel They're telling the same story but with different actors. They're very cliched., Is there a particular movie that you dislike?, A particular movie The worst movie I ever saw was The Adventures of Pluto Nash. Nothing can be worse than that., Why is that the worst movie to you?, Cuz it's meant to be a comedy but it's not funny at all. Like saw it as a kid and I didn't laugh once., Have you seen Bridesmaids?, No, I have not., How about Ant Man?, Nope., Have you seen the incredibles 2?, No, I have not., See you later, Bye. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I I like horror movies., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, I like Child's Play movies., What did you like about that kind of film?, I was just scared of the orange little kid, so, but I like him now., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I don't think I have one that I don't enjoy., I don't think I have one., Is there a particular kind of movie you don't enjoy?, I don't think I have a movie that I don't enjoy., Have you heard about the movie Saw?, Yeah, I love Saw., What did you like about that kind of movie?, I just like it got me thinking about stuff, Got it What kind of movies do you tend to watch?, I like to watch a fair amount of fantasy movies., What is a movie that you recently watched that you enjoyed?, Recently, I watched I watched Deadpool, and I thought it was pretty good. It was pretty It was It was kind of more playful than I thought it would be., What about a movie that you didnt enjoy at all?, I saw Jurassic World and man, it was pretty stupid., What didnt you like about it?, I felt like it tried to recreate the first Jurassic Park a little too much, and then it was kind of over the top. Like Like some of the attractions and stuff, like the whole Actually, the whole raptor wrangler thing was pretty silly., Have you seen Ready Player One?, I've seen Ready Player One., What did you like about that movie?, I mean, a lot of the A lot of the visuals were pretty incredible in that, and I thought it was neat how you know, it's like Like the type of movie I would have really wanted to see if I was like 13 or 14, it would have been, A lot of fun to see it at that age., And what was disappointing about it?, You know, the music wasn't the best. I thought it was a little bit forced, like the music choices were a little obvious., Thank you for your input, have a great day, You, too. what kinds of movies do you typically enjoy?, Typically, I enjoy comedy movies., Why do you like comedies?, They're a nice little break from everyday, ordinary life. And they incite laughter, which is always a good thing. Definitely something I don't normally do throughout a day. Not unless I seek out funny things., I see. and what about funny things is attractive to you in films?, Well, It feels like it gives the movie more substance., without adding an artificially complex story or without, okay. That makes sense. So what's a movie you've seen that you've enjoyed, I'd say Shallow Hal was a good movie, I like that movie., Oh what's it about? I've never heard of it., Well, it's about a guy who is shallow beyond belief, who is not a very particularly attractive, Okay, Jack Black is the star of the movie or at least you know he's the guy who is playing the portrayed Hal who was very shallow and, he runs across a guru motivational speaker whatever who basically changes his perception on the way that woman look and and then yeah. He essentially goes after by and large physically unattractive women, as a consequence, I see. and what kinds of movies do you tend to dislike or avoid?, I usually dislike drama movies just cuz I'm not I've had enough drama in my life that I don't really care to seek out more drama, even if it's fictionalized., I see. so have you seen any movies that you disliked before?, I have, but none that I can think of currently., hm... okay. How about an upcoming movie that you're interested in seeing, Honestly, I'm not really all that interested in seeing any movies that are coming out that I know of. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like comedy movies., Well, tell me why do you like comedy movies?, Because they make me laugh., cool, what is your favorite movie?, Dumb and Dumber, Because I I like it because The plot is interesting because Jim Carrey goes from Jim Carrey finds a briefcase and and then goes to Aspen, Colorado to retrieve it, and and he gets his friend to come along with him, And he fall in love with a woman. His friend His friend does and, They play pranks on each other to get the woman to like one of them more than the other., and deals with crime, The plot is interesting., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I did not like Sex and the City the movie., oh, Why not?, Yeah, because there was too much It was just too much girly things in the movie., The The movie didn't really appeal to me because there was just too much girls talking about girl topics and stuff like that., Ok, then have you seen the movie Logan, No, I haven't seen that movie., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Matrix, Yes, I haven't seen that movie. I like Keanu Reeves., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, It's just a lot of special effects,, lots of people doing out of the ordinary type of movements with their body, just action, lots of guns. What kinds of movies do you like?, I really like action movies., Why do you like actions movies?, They're fun to watch. They keep you keep you excited. There's not really too many lulls in action movies., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, I liked Them, Why did you like that movie?, It had an interesting take on the whole superhero movie you know, it's just a good watch., Well, is there a movie you did not like?, I didn't like Crazy Rich Asians., Why not?, I thought it would be more funny, but it was very much more romantic instead of rom com., Ok, then have you seen the movie X-Men: Apocalypse, No, I have not., have you heard of it?, Yeah, actually they have some series. I'm not sure about that specific movie., Alright, have you then seen the movie Wreck-It Ralph?, Yep, I've seen Wreck-It Ralph., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I liked the Wreck-It Ralph because it was just fun to watch it. It had a really cool twist, the movie looked beautiful with the animations. It was just a fun watch., ok, thank you for sharing, Bye-bye. Tell me what types of movies you like., Lately I've been interested in foreign films, particularly ones that come out of Japan., Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, I really like the action movies that have come out of there in the last 10 or 20 years., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, A movie I really didn't like from Japan? I can't really think of anything. Not really from Japan, but I thought the Godzilla movie could have been a little better., Alright. And, what are some things you really don't like about that type of movie?, Oh, I just thought that the plot was kind of weak. And, so, yeah, that was my only complaint about it really., So would you enjoy a movie like Wonder Woman ?, Oh, yeah. Definitely., And again, it'd be great to hear why you enjoy that type of movie, I like Wonder Woman because I like to see female superheroes. You don't see enough of those, I think. And I've always liked Wonder Woman, watched the TV show when I was a kid, so there's the nostalgia factor., Great. Let's chat about one more movie. How about Red Sparrow ?, Okay. Red Sparrow, yeah. I love Jennifer Lawrence, and I think she saved that movie from being a total dud, but again, the script, the writing, and even the directing just is kind of shallow. But Jennifer Lawrence was awesome. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, My favorite type of movie is The Avengers because it has a lot of action, and it's a superhero movies movie. And I love superheros, and I think it's my favorite kind of movie in the world. And I think it's really exciting. It's really exciting, and it's a very popular movie. And it has all sort of cool characters in there, with cool magical powers and abilities. And I think it's the kind of movie, is really exciting., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Yeah, the Avengers., The Avengers has a new movie coming out called Endgame, which is the final part of The Avengers. It's part 4 of the movie., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, A movie that I do not like. Probably The Notebook or any kind of romantic movies. I do not like romance. Hello, how are you?, Hello there! Mind if I ask a few questions about movies?, Hello. Go ahead. I don't mind at all., Do you like movies like Good Will hunting?, It's a good movie., What did you like about that movie?, The acting. I loved the acting in it. Really good., Okay. How about movies like Jason Bourne?, Love the Jason Bourne movies. Marry good action, good acting and a good script by the way. It's a message on myself., I agree. Matt Damon makes those movies., Yeah, he sure does and he does a good job doing it., Did you like the Matrix movies?, I did watch The Matrix movies from the beginning to the end, good movies. I don't think I'd watch them again but they were good SciFi movies., Thank you so much for your input. What type of movies do you enjoy?, Well, I really enjoy romance films. I think romance films are just all right, you know. And it's fair to say that romance films are probably my favorite category of film. I love the plot, I love you know the the acting. And And a lot of times the acting has to be a lot better in these romance films you'll find. At least in my opinion because the actions doesn't drive it like it does in action movies., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Yeah. Yeah, I love I don't know if you can call it a romance film, but if you If you've ever seen it, The 40-Year-Old Virgin. Really really funny film. And I was surprised when I first saw it, too. I didn't think it would have been that funny., But it was really really funny and the romance in it is pretty good. Yeah, you would be surprised about those. I mean you would really be surprised., Definitely a funny film, really helped Steve Carrell's career, Oh, totally. Totally totally., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't like, Yeah, I don't like Honestly, I don't like bad movies with bad critical reviews. You know, just in general. I would say as like a specific kind of movie, I don't like those like Lifetime movies. I don't know what you would even call them, but they're just like They're made for TV, and I totally understand some people do like them, but I'm just not one of those kinds of people. I think that Lifetime movies just kind of stink, generally. I wouldn't advise anyone to, What deters you away from these movies?, Just the script, the plot, the shooting, it's all It's all sort of an amalgamation, Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Well, let me turn on Lifetime channel now dude. I mean I'm sure anything on there is just going to be absolutely absolutely garbage. I did watch one movie on there. Well I don't remember what was on there maybe it was on Oprah's network. Or maybe it wasn't in on there maybe it was in BC, kind of liked it. That one was about this teacher with Turrets how like a student wanted to swith out a process cuz he had Turrets and that one was kind of touching, Yeah, just just generally like anything on Lifetime is probably Here, here, My Christmas Inn. That's what's playing right, and I'm sure that one's probably not astounding., To say the least., Have you seen o brother where art thou, I Oh, yeah yeah, I did. Is that I watched that for a film and music class in my college. All right, perfect perfect. That movie I remember I remember the boat, right? They had a boat?, they had a boat in sail in the swamp. Okay I remember that, I'm definitely definitely getting vibes from that movie. I remember the end of the movie as well where they had the hanging scene, that was really powerful. I mean that was pretty powerful a little but I didn't it didn't strike me like something that would stick with me the way it did when I first saw it., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, No, thank you. what are some type of movie genres that you like?, I like comic book movies, I like dramatic movies., I like suspenseful movies., why is it that you like suspenseful movies?, I like the feeling of not knowing what's about to happen., What is one of your favorite movies?, Braveheart., why?, It was an excellent story. And when it came out, the scenes between the Scottish and the British fighting in the field were just amazingly well shot. It was beautiful to watch., i think it was sad how his wife died, That was brutal., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like, I don't like horror movies or scary movies. Not because I think that they're scary but because they all seem to go for the cheap scare., The loud noise that makes you jump in your seat kind of thing., oh, that's true, have you heard of the movie Interstellar?, I have heard of that. I've seen that movie., What did you like about this kind of movie? ., I like science fiction. I always have ever since I was a kid and this was a very well done example of that genre., have you seen the movie die hard?, Of course I have, just making sure, What did you like about this kind of movie?, I like Die Hard because it was the first time I remember seeing an action movie where the hero wasn't some gigantic muscle-bound guy. You know, he was just some regular dude that got put in a tough spot and came through., okay. thank you What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedy movies., what do you like about comedy movies?, Well, they're an escape from reality usually and they make me laugh., i see. so you like something with a little humor, Yes., is there any particular movie that you've liked a lot?, I like the movie Joe Somebody. It was kind of quirky, you know, wasn't like overly funny, had a story to it. But it was also, you know, pretty light-hearted. Also, Tim Allen., nice, so you like movies with famous comedians?, I mean, yes but it's it really depends on who it is. Like Tim Allan was kind of a seminal part of my childhood, so I think that's why kind of enjoyed him and he's funny but., okay. how about movies that you don't like? can you describe them for me?, I don't really care much for drama cuz, well, I look to movies to escape from reality and my problems. And watching drama movies is like, I don't know, escaping to another iteration of my existence. I don't want more drama., I want less of it., so you don't like serious movies?, I like serious movies it's just like, I don't know. I guess it depends. How serious is it? What's the subject matter, you know? Like is it a deep, enriching story, or is it just like superficially dramatic for the sake of being dramatic?, nice. can you name a movie that you didn't like?, I can't say I can really recall any movies that I didn't care for., if you don't remember the name you can tell me what made you dislike this movie, I'm not entirely sure. Maybe Greece. I didn't really I don't really care for musicals., have you seen The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King?, No, I have not., how about Avengers: Endgame?, No., have you seen x men?, I might have. I think I might have seen one. I don't know. I'm not really sure. I'm not much of a movie person. Do you like movies like Thor?, No, I don't like Thor., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, I don't like all the, Like the I don't know. Like is it voice acting?, in that controls the characters, Can you say a little more about that please?, Yeah, so I don't know I guess the acting was bad., I was wondering if it's voice acting that controls the You wouldn't know., Do you like movies like Star Wars?, Yeah, I liked the first Star Wars but I haven't seen I haven't seen any of them since that first one., Yeah, I liked the first one., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, It had a good sound track., The acting was good. It was a good story., Can you say a little more about that please?, What do you want to know about it?, anything else that you like about that movie any other details, Yeah I like, the casting was pretty good I guess. Yeah, the one guy that was the main character once you get that you're done for life. He's making a lot of money from that movie I don't know how it works, but yeah I like Star Wars., Do you like movies like Good Will Hunting?, Is that the thing what that what the, With the guy and the therapist, is it that movie?, yes Robin Williams at the Espy therapist, Yeah, I like that movie. I think that was pretty good., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like the story-driven plot, As opposed to like the Thor type movies where you have like the action driven plot., Can you say a little more about that please?, Yeah, I like the story I like the story narratives. I like that like kind of like in About Schmidt there's a story based narrative and I like that there., Thank you. Nice weekend., All right. You too. What kind of movies do you normally watch?, science fiction, What do you like the most about Science Fiction movies?, I enjoy the speculative aspects and the fantastical bits as well as the notion of satire and also advanced technology., Have you seen Venom?, No., Have you seen Whiplash?, No., What kind of movies do you tend to stay away from?, romantic comedies, Have you seen Deadpool?, Yes., What was your favorite parts about Deadpool?, I enjoyed the humor and the characters., Have you seen Black Panther?, Yes., What did you like about Black Panther?, I like the characters, the ambitious scope, and the direction., What was a movie that you have seen recently that was disappointing?, Extinction, What didnt you like about it?, I didn't like the twist in the film, and I thought the characters were very flat., Have you seen Avatar?, Yes., What did you not like about that movie?, I thought it was too long, and I didn't like any of the characters., Thank you for your input, have a great day What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like sci-fi, horror., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like the rush I get from watching them., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Interview With a Vampire., What did you like about this movie?, I don't really like the romance movies, but it had a little bit of that in there. And then I like movies about vampires., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Mainly strictly romance movies. It just doesn't seem realistic to me., What about these movies is unappealing?, Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, No., No, there isn't., Have you seen The Shawshank redemption, I don't believe I have., Have you seen Forrest Gump, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I like that he went through a lot of things in his life and he persevered through everything and just kept pushing., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! Do you like movies like Thor?, Not really, I don't like comic book movies that much., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, I just don't find them that interesting. I think they're boring, and also I haven't been keeping up with them, so it feels like I'm too far behind to catch up., Do you like movies like The Hunger Games?, Yeah, they're all right., Do you like movies like Star Wars ?, Yeah, I really like Star Wars, or sci-fi in general., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I think just the creativity and getting to see different technology and different ideas people have about the future and different things that could happen., do you like the movie transformers then?, No, I've never seen Transformers. I didn't grow up with the cartoon as a kid, so I didn't want to see the movie., thank you, See you later, Bye. What type of movies do you like?, Mostly dramas, or documentaries., why is that?, I just don't like action movies or romantic movies so much. I prefer things based on real life., What is one of your favorite movies?, A Time to Kill, why ?, Why? I love the book. Most of the movies that I like I've read the book first., was the movie better than the book?, No, the movie is never better than the book., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like horror movies at all., because you get scared?, Yes, and have bad dreams., have u heard of the movie Inception?, Yes, I have seen that., do you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, Yes, I liked the movie Inception. I just had to watch it twice to really understand what was going on., have you seen the movie Lord of the Rings?, No., what about Home Alone?, Yes., what did you like about this kind of movie?, I saw Home Alone when I was a child and I thought it was quite funny. At I watch a little bit of comedy sometimes, I just don't like that stupid comedy. I like more intelligent comedy., such as?, I don't know. Just something not like Dumb and Dumber., okay. thanks What kinds of movies do you like?, I really like romantic comedies., Why do you like romantic comedies?, They're fun. They're usually funny. They have a happy ending. They're more light-hearted in nature. And they're a nice escape., alright , how about a movie you liked?, One of my favorites is When Harry Met Sally., Why did you like that movie?, That has a exceptional cast that really works on just about all cylinders in every single scene, and the writing is exceptional. It is funny and poignant and touching. It just really works and you can rewatch that movie a million times and still want to see it again., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, The Bounty Hunter, that's not good., Why not?, That has an actor who seems to regularly get cast, but is largely miscast especially in romantic comedies. He sort of doesn't give give off the right kind of charm for this kind of movies. He doesn't pull off comedy well. He doesn't pull off sort of charming handsome pursuiter well either., And it's not a good showing from the leading actress either, it's just a poor script and poor execution., Ok, then have you seen the movie Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again, Yes., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, Well, in general I do like sort of the nature of the movies light and fun and sort of based on music kind of a musical. That's not exactly musical but kind of a musical. Those are the kinds of movies I do like. Mamma Mia! is not my favorite but that's cuz it's sort of silly and doesn't have a lot to hold it together but in general I do like that kind of movie. Tell me what type of movies you like., I like action movies., Perfect! Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, Bourne Ultimatum, Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, Sure. The action is non-stop. The pace of that particular movie is perfect. It just keeps going. It has a like perfect rhythm to it, even though it does technically slow down at parts. The way that the, sort of, movie soundtrack and everything works, from start to finish for like 3 hours, doesn't stop and, the acting and the writing of the movie is excellent., so it's it's a it's easily one of my favorite movies ever., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, Die Hard 5, A Good Day to Die Hard, I think that was called., Alright. And, what are some things you really don't like about that type of movie?, What action movies, so technically I could have liked it and I basically loved everything else in the movie series but this fifth one it just really didn't use the lead character Bruce Willis as well and it had It was straining to have like subtitles. So, the story itself was not good but it was made more confusing by adding in subtitles to a series that didn't have them before., and just sort of the way it played out was just pedestrian at best. So even though the technical action scenes were pretty decent, the entire movie, the story line wasn't very believable. It wasn't written all that well. It wasn't acted all that well. It just was a disappointment., Thanks! And, How about the movie The Shape of Water what do you think about that one?, Although I haven't seen that one, the concept is not one that really appeals to me. I know enough about what the movie is and what it's about. The type of movie, like a drama, is fine, but the concept of that particular movie is not one that I'm likely to really enjoy a ton., Ok. And lastly, how about Frozen?, Frozen is a great movie., What about that type of movie is great?, Well it's a animated movie, so in general, it seems like it could be geared much more towards children. But Frozen is a really well rounded, well written, well acted movie, so even though it is technically aimed at children, it's it's one that adults can easily enjoy and fall in love with. The music is great. The story line is endearing. It really works well., Great! Thanks for your time!, See you later, Sure. Bye. what kind of movies do you generally watch?, science fiction, what do you like about science fiction movies?, like the action and adventure and the characters are usually very interesting., so the action and adventure is what you look for in movies?, That's correct., do you have a particular movie you have seen and loved it?, I really like Avengers Infinity Wars., what left a strong impression in that movie for you?, what happens to the hero when they did not win?, They disappeared., what do you think happened to the heros?, I think they probably went off into another universe. They may come back later., the idea that hero would return is very exciting is it not?, Yes, it is. It's what I'm waiting for and hopefully the follow up series., are there any particular movies you did not enjoy watching?, Not really., what about movies like jason X?, Oh. You're right. I didn't like Jason X., what do you dislike the most about the movie?, Oh, it was based on a character that died several times in previous movies, so there's no logic to it., so the illogically part is the part you find displeasing to watch?, Yes. Movie has to make some sense, even though it's a fantasy movie. It has to have some logic to it., would you watch similar movies? like texas chainsaw massacre, No. Too gory. Not something I would want to watch., i see. yes thank you for sharing your interests with me. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, Good question. I like, I guess like dramas like, Like Godfather, like it gets crime-ish kind of., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Like Goodfellas. I really like that movie., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, The story was really great and the acting was phenomenal. It was a really good movie., Can you name another movie, and one that you do not like?, Movie that I don't like. Good question., Do you like the movie The Shape of Water?, I've never seen that movie., Do you like the movie Star Wars?, I've seen it as a child, but I fell asleep viewing it so I've actually never seen any Star Wars., Do you like the movie Mission Impossible?, I've never seen that movie either, unfortunately., Do you like the movie Nocturnal Animals?, Haven't seen that one, either., Do you like the movie The Old Man & the Gun?, I haven't seen that one either., What recent movie have you seen?, The most recent movie I've seen, most recent movie I have seen, Most recent movie I've seen is probably, It's actually been a while. I want to say, Let's see. Infinity War, that's what it was called., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like or dislike this kind of movie?, I mean, I like them, but it's not like, My favorite type of movie., I'm just not really a big dude in terms of movies, because like I like to go more into detail in the story, and movies are really quick., what is it about the story of this type of movie that you like?, I just like the superheroes, you know, like, Thanos, actually. I don't really like the villains, but I like Thanos. Like he was a pretty cool character., Thank you for your feedback., No problem. What type of movies do you like?, I like good action movies like The Fast and the Furious movies, which aren't great movies, but they're fun movies. And so, fun action movies that don't take themselves seriously I like., What is another one of your favorite movies?, Another one in that genre or just overall?, overall, There was a, I won't say that one cuz it's too old, and I like it just for the music. But let's go with, I guess The Matrix just because of how I compare most of the action movies I watch to The Matrix, but I kind of consider it., Somewhat of a sci-fi movie more than action. But I don't know, it's kind of both., What type of movies do you not like?, Bad superhero movies like Batman & Robin. From the '90s, the Schumacher ones. I feel like those type movies, they are more parody than, Oh. Well, another one is this Speaking of parody movies, the Scary Movies, or the whatever the recent ones are. Not the Wayan Brother Scary Movie, the first or second one, but the the more recent ones, which I think they may have quit making now thankfully. Or the Lampoon pop culture and movies, I don't They're not They don't write jokes. They're just They show you the reference, and that's it., They're horrible., that's true. they weren't even funny, Nope. They failed at their most basic point of existence., I don't think they were trying to be funny either. I I think they were just trying to cash in on the pop references in, have you seen the movie mission impossible?, The latest? It doesn't really matter. Yeah, I've seen all of them. They're one of my favorite series. They just keep getting better and better., which movie is your favorite?, In that series I guess probably the most recent one, The Fallout. Just cuz it has the most jaw dropping stunts throughout. And knowing that Tom Cruise actually did that stuff was I think made that film even better than, knowing that or thinking it was all CGI, which is another reason I like those movies, is that they use very little CGI., have u seen the movie Justice League?, Yes, I did not like it., What did you dislike about this kind of movie?, It was dark, but like visually dark. In the parts where it was trying to be funny, it wasn't funny. It felt like a movie from the '90s kind of like the Batman Robin which is and that's the problem with all the DC stuff, is it? Takes itself so seriously, but it it goes too far in trying to do that and imputes itself and, And they also I I understand they're trying to do that to set themselves apart from Marvel, but I don't think they're being very successful. And Justice League felt like it wasn't earned. They didn't set up these characters very well. The only character that anybody really likes in them is the Wonder Woman I guess Superman to an extent, but the reason they tried to quickly cash in and catch up to Marvel and I think it, Shows in the final product it's it looks pretty mess., okay. thanks hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I like comedy movies., OK. Great. Why do you like comedies?, They're funny to watch, and I just like to watch something like that at the end of a hard day., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Rush Hour. It's one of my movies I like to watch., Can you say why you like that type of movie?, I have two guys I like watching, Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan. They're funny when they work together in all three of the movies., what's your favorite Rush Hour movie?, Rush Hour one, the very first one., do you like movies like Dumb and Dumber?, No, that's not funny. I like Jim Carrey and all, but I don't like watching that one., What type of movies do you not like?, I do not like horror movies, especially the ones that are in today's age. They're too scary., Do you like movies like Bridesmaids?, I think I do. I think I've watched it. It's It's Some of those are pretty funny. So romantic comedies I do like to watch., what is it about romantic comedies that you like?, Just the love portion, and it's funny at the same time. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like historical movies, historical non fiction movies, and I like them because they are usually truthful and has good acting and, give you a glance into the past., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Maybe Lincoln?, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Well, I like the subject, and I like the acting., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I don't I don't like the movie Battlefield Earth., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I don't like the I didn't like the theme of the movie, the story, and I didn't like the special effects or the graphics, and I thought it was really bad acting., Do you like the movie Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom?, I think it's a pretty good movie., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, Well, I like the story the the series of all the Jurassic movies, and it's got pretty good action and graphics in it., Do you like the movie Dunkirk?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, It is one of my favorite directors. I thought it was really well directed and I I like the type of movies. I I like the historical time piece movies, so that one is one that was based on the World War II., Other than the director or actors, can you give me another reason?, I like the subject matter. I I like the what it was about and the fact it was a historical time piece movie., Do you like the movie Bohemian Rhapsody?, I have not seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, I have heard of this movie., Would you go see it?, Yeah, I think I'll go see it., Do you like the movie Venom?, I have not seen the movie Venom., Have you heard of this movie?, I have heard of this movie., Would you go see it?, I think so., Do you like the movie Dawn of the Planet of the Apes?, No., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I don't really care for the storyline the I don't like to do is remade again and I think it's kind of played out. It's been It's been the story has been told kind of told too many times., Do you like the movie X-Men: Apocalypse?, No., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I didn't really care for the the story that much, and I didn't really like the acting in it., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I like action movies., OK. Great. Why do you like action?, They really keep you in the movie. Keeps it Keeps it interesting., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, I really like the Fast and Furious 3., just the first 3 movies?, No, I like the whole series, but three is my favorite., why's that, It was It was on a very different setting, and it didn't have like the the main story line. It was more like a side story line which I thought it was interesting., do you like movies like Mission Impossible?, Yeah, they're pretty good., what type of movies do you not like?, I really don't like horror movies., because they're scary?, Yeah. I don't like being scared., do you like movies like aliens?, Yeah, I enjoy aliens., okay. thanks Hi., Hello, What kind of movies do you like?, Romantic comedies., Is Deadpool a RomCom?, Oh no, that's a action movie, but a very good one., What was the last RomCom that you really enjoyed?, I mean, the last one that I watched that I really enjoyed was 27 Dresses, but that was a repeat. But the last one, Duff was really good., Have you seen The Shape of Water?, I have not., What movie did you recently see that you strongly disliked?, Olympus Has Fallen, that was not good., What didn't you like?, You know, I really don't like the lead actor a ton, Gerard Butler. He's been in different things, action, romantic comedies. I don't like him I think in a lot of forms. This seemed like a better fit for him, and he was still sort of a weak lead. The action was just okay. The storyline was shaky. I figured everything out very early on. Just was not that good., Have you seen The Ugly Truth?, Yes. I hate it., What did you dislike?, humor. It was terrible, one of the worst movies I've ever seen., Have you seen Bridesmaids?, I have. That's a great movie., And what did you enjoy the most about it?, The most, probably the cast. They really got it right. It was, at the time at least, not sort of household movie names, although they had decently well known actresses in it. But they were not known for their movies. Really well cast, it really worked. It was very funny, and the cast really gelled well together to make it really work., Thank you for your input, have a great day, Thanks you, too. What kind of movies do you like?, I like sad movies., What is it about sad movies that you like?, It made me feel sad and emotional., Interesting, is there a sad movie that you like?, I like The Lion King., What is it about Lion King that you liked?, Lion King is about this baby lion who lost his father, and then he journey to this forest, and then he got help from these other two animals, and then eventually he got the throne back from his uncle., What did you like about the movie?, The movie is interesting to watch, has a lot of action and but sad moments in it, as well., OK, well how about a movie you did not like?, I do not like movies that doesn't put much thought it into them like like those shark movies, they're terrible., Like the Sharknado, that was a terrible movie., I was just shot all over the place. There's no plot., So you did not like the Sharknado movie?, Yes, it was a terrible movie. There was There was no plot in it., Alright, have you seen Doctor Strange, Doctor Strange no but I heard of it. People say it's good but I there's this so many so many seasons., Have you seen then Spirited Away, Spirited Away yeah yeah. I saw I saw it. It's an anime, right?, What is it about these kind of movie did you like or dislike, Well, I watched Spirited Away when I was younger. And I didn't I didn't really understand what it was about, but it was It was scary when the mom and dad turned to pigs., Ok , have you seen The Equalizer, No, Ok, thank you for sharing What type of movies do you like?, I really like action movies., Why do you like those movies?, I like the I like the action in them. I like the nonstop sort of rhythm to the movie. It sort of takes you out of reality, really immerses you into the movie. They usually are a lot of fun, although I do prefer the ones that aren't quite so violent, but in general, it's really a nice escape and a lot of fun., What movie specifically do you like?, My favorite is probably Bourne Ultimatum., Why did you like this movie?, The cast is excellent, the writing is spectacular, and the execution is just flawless. It is like the most perfect action movie. It is just from start to finish. It's non-stop. It sort of doesn't give you a chance to breath as it sort of on it's quest for The main character Jason Bourne is on this quest to find out the truth and find justice. It's fantastic., What type of movie did you dislike?, A movie that I disliked is A Good Day to Die Hard, that was not a good action movie., Why did you not like this movie?, Well, this is part of a series of movies the die hard movies. And this particular one is by far the worst. And it's really the worst because it sort of lost sight of what's it's supposed to be which is about Bruce Willis as character. And this one was I mean, there was so much boring talk, there was subtitles., The action like the special backs that they did were good, but the story line was terrible and it just as I mean, it just was so bad. It was It was so disappointing I guess because the other movies in the series are so good and this one really didn't leave up to what the rest of the series has been., Have you seen Mission Impossible?, I love Mission Impossible. Yes., What did you like or dislike about this movie?, I love Mission: Impossible. It's easily one of my all time favorites in terms of my favorite series of action movies Mission: Impossible is it. The Tom Cruise really shepherds the entire series very well and each movie very well. It has sort of innovative action that you just don't see in every movie which is great. So, it's sort of It really is a movie onto itself you're not going to get what you get when you go to see a Mission, possible in other movies and even though the cast can change from movie to movie, it's all really worked and I think it's because the they really get a good storyline, a good writer and every single Mission: Impossible movie has had a great director., Goodbye, Bye. Can you tell me what types of movies you enjoy watching?, mostly action adventure drama fantasy, documentary, And what about those kinds of movies do you like?, Usually I like movies like that that consist with those genres., I just like the storytelling, how deep some movies can get into, the characters, and pretty much like the creativity., Alright, what’s one of your favorite movies?, Mr. Nobody, And what was it about that movie that made it enjoyable?, because it dealt with basically all of life, making choices, and that each choice has a different consequence., So, think before you do., I see., OK. Now, tell me about a movie you didn’t like., I guess Spaceballs, because it was kind of just annoying in some parts. I mean, it was all right, but most of the time, you know, it just It needed to have a little bit different kind of comedy in it. I didn't like the some of the characters in it, so, Generally speaking, what did you not like about that particular type of movie?, The storytelling wasn't really on pace., So the plot could have been better., Ah, I see., Have you seen the movie Deadpool?, Yes, I saw the first one. Didn't see the second one yet., And what did you think of it?, I thought it was a pretty funny. Actually I mean, it was a little bit different. I didn't I didn't even read the comic books which were more serious than what that movie was, but it was still outrageous and then at the same time there is a lot of action and there is an actual story to it that he goes through. So, Alright. Have you seen any of the Thor movies?, I saw the first one and a little bit of Ragnarok, I think., What did you like or dislike about those?, I think that Thor is a powerful character., Not particularly one of my favorites, but he's got something different to him, like more fantasy in it, so I kind of liked the plot and setting of, The whole characters and everything in the war. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like a science fiction movies, and I like them because they're creative and provide nice visual effects., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Avatar, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It was nice cinematography. It had a good plot and good visual effects., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., awful plot and bad acting, Do you like the movie Black Klansman?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I like the story and I liked the, action, Do you like the movie The Darkest Minds?, No., Why do you dislike this movie? 2 reasons please, I don't like the actors and actresses and I don't like the director, Do you like the movie Ocean's Eight?, No., What do you dislike about this movie? 2 reasons please, I didn't like I don't like the franchise, and I didn't like the movie's concept., Do you like the movie Batman Begins ?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I really like the story, and I like the acting., other than the acting and story, what are 2 specific reasons why you like this movie?, It's my favorite director and, I like comic book movies, too., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. What type of movies do you like?, action, why action?, I like the fast pace adventure of it and then stunts and things is fascinating., What is one of your favorite movies?, Black Panther, what did you like about Black Panther?, The overall story, how it connected to the black experience, but also had a lot of action and sci-fi, but real life to it. It was like a whirlwind., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like romantic comedies., Why?, I just don't think that reality, And it makes me mad to look at people think that that's the real life., too cliche?, Too cliche, yes., have you watched the movie Deadpool?, Yes., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I did like how that was funny, but also action, but real life, but like fantasy. Just all over the board with with you could take away from it., what about the movie Inception?, Yeah, I like that one too. That was pretty good, interesting concept., what else did you like about it? what are some genres that you like?, I like dramas and I like comedy., why do you like dramas?, I usually enjoy the plot and the character development., What is one of your favorite movies?, A Beautiful Mind, what made it one of your favorite movies?, I really just enjoy the topic of the film., what about the plot?, The plot was great, and it covers a lot of aspects of the characters, What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like animated movies., why's that?, They are usually just a little immature for me., have you watched the movie The imitation game?, I have., What did you like about this kind of movie?, Have you seen the movie Murder on the Orient Express?, No, I have not., what about Inception?, Yes, I've seen Inception., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I like the fact that it's thought-provoking and kind of keeps you guessing for most of the film., okay. thank you What kinds of movies do you like?, I like comedy movies., Why do you like comedy movies?, Because they make me laugh and, They make me see life in a happier way., What is a particular movie you like?, Dumb and Dumber, Why did you like this movie?, I like Dumb and Dumber because its a its a story about tying to a story about the the guy played by Jim Carrey, he tries to find love by meeting by by trying to meet a woman by returning her her briefcase and then he just He does it with his friend and they have They play practical jokes on each other and they they first they first like each other then they begin like, Once they get closer to find the woman, they try to pit each other against each other, Alright, how about a movie you did not like?, Movie I did not like, Project X, I did not like Project X., What is about project x that you did not like?, There wasn't no character building on the movie., The characters weren't built up like other movies like, I like Pineapple Express. It was similar to Pineapple Express with the nudity and stuff like that, plus the characters were just running around like getting naked and stuff in the movie, didn't really have much of character building element to it., Cool, have you then seen The Avengers?, No, I haven't., Have you heard of it?, No, I haven't heard of it. Yes, I've heard of The Avengers, but never seen the never seen the movie., How about the Grinch?, Some parts of it, I seen it when I was young., What was it about this movie that you liked or disliked?, What I like about the movie? I liked it because, Just shows a evil person evil character that tries to spoil Christmas for families., I just I just think it's, It gives you the evil side of Christmas sometimes, likes Grinches, like people that want to do damage to other people, want to cause harm to other people., Ok, thank you for sharing. Good bye. What types of movies do you usually see?, action, thrillers, horror, Tell me one of your favorite movies., Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Great. Why did you like it?, It made me feel weird watching it and was an enjoyable movie., Was there anything else you liked?, had interesting characters., Now can you give me a movie you didn’t like?, I'm thinking of one., it's okay, we can move on, Move on., Did you like Skyscraper?, I've never seen it., No problem. Do you plan to see it?, I don't know what it is., Alright, did you like Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation ?, I never saw it., Okay. Do you want to see it?, I might see it., Alright, did you like The Shining ?, It's all right., Alright. What are your thoughts on that kind of movie?, I liked it except for the supernatural stuff., Okay, so have you seen Batman Begins?, Yes., did you like that kind of movie?, Yes, I liked it., What did you like about that kind of movie?, I liked how it portrayed Batman, and I liked the villain, Scarecrow., Okay, so what about Birdman?, I've never seen it., ok, how about ant-man, Never seen it., The avengers?, Never seen it., how about John Wick?, I haven't seen it, but I would like to see it., what makes you want to see it?, I've heard it was good., okay, how about Interstellar?, Never heard of it., ok. did you like A quiet place?, Never seen it., did you like Breathe?, Never seen it., ok. how about The Commuter, Never seen it., did you like Blade Runner 2049, I haven't seen that but I would like to see it., okay. thank you for your time, Bye. What kind of movies do you normally watch?, I usually watch comedies a lot., And what kind of movies do you tend to stay away from?, I'm not a big fan of comic book movies., What is a movie that you have recently watched that you really enjoyed?, I recently watched The Founder, which is really good., And what did you like about that movie the most?, It was just interesting. Like I didn't expect a movie about McDonald's to be as interesting as it was, but it was a really neat way to look at how this started and how it expanded over the years., Have you seen Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom?, No, but I saw the first one., Have you seen Beauty and the Beast?, No. The original animated one, yeah. But, I haven't seen the live action one they made a couple of years ago., And what did you like the most about that movie?, About Beauty and the Beast? I don't know. The songs were good. It was just a neat movie. It was funny and just entertaining. It was a good Disney movie., Have you seen Skyscraper featuring Dwayne The Rock Johnson?, No, I did not., What was a movie that you recently watched that you heavily disliked?, I can't even think of a movie that I really dislike recently. I watched The Rival and I didn't like very much, I didn't think it was good enough like everybody says., What didnt you like about it?, I just feel like they skipped over the part that I thought would have been really interesting was the like how they actually learned the alien language, they skipped over all of it and it just felt predictable, the movie., Thank you for your input, have a nice day!, You, too. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I love Westerns., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like Clint Eastwood., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, I want The Good, the Bad and the Ugly., What did you like about this movie?, the gun fight, Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't want horror movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, I don't like all the blood and the guts, the gory., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, The clown movie, What do you dislike about this movie?, It was really bloody. It was spooky. That clown just really freaked you out., Have you seen The Searchers, No. I ain't seen that. What's that about?, It is a western movie, How about High Noon?, Oh, yes, I've seen that., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie? Can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like a lot of different types of movies. I like thrillers. I like action movies. I like horror movies., I see. What do you enjoy about those types of movies?, I like I like it when they're suspenseful, and I like I like kind of the the intrigue and, and gore, Great. Now, what’s one of your favorite movies?, Army of Darkness, And what did you like about that one?, I liked it because it was a mix of both comedy, adventure, and horror., I see. A little bit of all the things you enjoy., Yep, that's right., Alright, now tell me about the type of movies you don’t like., That's harder. I don't like I'm not a really big fan of of like family movies or animated comedies., And I'm also not really too fond of documentaries lately., Alright, and what about those do you dislike?, Usually it's It has to do with the plot. They're just You know, documentaries seem to be really cookie cutter. They They kind of all seem to follow the same format, and it gets really boring after a while., I see. So they lack the element of surprise, which is what you enjoy., Yeah, I mean I Yeah. I don't like it if it's too predictable, definitely. Yeah. So I like I like things to be a little bit more dynamic., Fair enough. Can you tell me a movie you've seen and didn't like?, A movie that I've and didn't like. Give me a minute. I think You know, one I saw recently that I wasn't too fond of was Hold the Dark., And what did you not like about it?, It was a little bit too weird. It It also It also had some problems with, Had some problems with the plot., What kind of problems?, Well, some parts of it just didn't really make sense and didn't feel like they would be believable. So, it was a little bit too over the top., Ahh, I see., Have you seen the new movie Venom?, I haven't seen Venom yet, but I want to I want to watch it. I'm a really big fan of Spider-Man comics., It's definitely on my worst movies to check out., I think you'd enjoy it. What about Ant-Man?, Ant-Man I did see Ant-Man. I thought it was okay. I thought it could have been better though. I like Paul Rudd, but yeah, that one that one wasn't wasn't the best. It wasn't bad though. I thought it was I thought it was just okay., What would you have liked to be different about that movie?, You know, I'm not sure. I just I thought it was trying to be a little bit too funny as opposed to being more like a action adventure movie., I see. Have you seen any of the Jason Bourne movies?, I have seen quite a few of them, I believe. Maybe all of them. I don't I'm not sure. I can't remember if I've seen them all, but I've seen most of them, at least., And what did you think of those?, Oh, those are really cool. Definitely the first one is really good. I I really like the I really like the, you know, the Disoriented. The whole Disoriented spy thing is really cool to me., All of the different elements of the spycraft are are pretty cool in that movie., I agree., Well, thanks for chatting with me about your movie preferences., Hey, thank you. You, too., Have a great day! What type of movies do you like?, I like comedy movies., what do you like about comedy?, I like that it's funny., What's one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorites. How about Eight Crazy Nights?, what is it about?, Eight Crazy Nights is about I believe Adam Sandler is like depressed cuz he His parents died in a car accident when he was a kid, and so he like particularly the holidays for whatever reason. I can't remember., And yeah, it just kind of follows through him going from being a grouchy asshole about the holidays to liking them and being a liked person., oh, okay. i'm guessing it's very funny?, It is pretty funny., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well, for one, I like that it was animated cuz well yeah, I just like animated movies usually. I also like that it was just funny., Do you like movies like Despicable Me?, I can't say that I do, but I've never watched it, so, what about movies like Dumb and Dumber?, I've never watched that either, honestly., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like drama movies., why is that?, I just You know what, I got enough drama in my own life. I don't need more through a movie., hahaha. that's true, okay. thank you., Yeah. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like sci-fi movies quite a bit., What do you enjoy about them?, It's an interesting take on the future and kind of seeing what people think the future will be like and it's just neat to see how people's brains were able to come up with ideas that might be realistic., I can definitely see why people would be interested in that especially with that imaginative aspect, What movie from that genre do you enjoy?, I haven't seen it in a while but I really liked Gattaca., What did you like about that movie?, It's sci fi, but it's realistic sci fi in that it feels like it could actually happen in the future, and it's just an interesting story, and that's why I like it., That is awesome, Are there any type of movies that you dislike?, I'm not a big fan of comic book movies., What don't you like about them?, There are just too many of them that I feel so far behind that I don't want to have to catch up on all the ones I've missed. So when I do finally sit down and watch one, it feels like what's the point? Because there's like 50 others I haven't seen, so it feels hard to get invested., I can see that, their definitely has been a huge increases in those movies, Is there a particular movie that you dislike?, Disney's Dinosaur, I think it was Disney, that they made back in the '90s was terrible., What don't you like about them?, I don't really remember much about the movie cuz I was like seven or six when I saw, but I remember even the kid I was sitting on the theater wanted to walk out just cuz it was so boring. Nothing was interesting., I don't blame you for wanting to walk out since it was boring., Have you seen Jason Bourne?, No, the latest one, yeah., What did you like or dislike about this movie?, I like that it was a a Bourne movie, but I didn't like that it didn't really feel like a Bourne movie. It felt too actiony to be a Bourne movie. what kind of movies do you like?, I like movies with a really intricate plot, something like with great acting, and something with a lot of adventure and mystery., nice, can you name a movie that you enjoyed a lot?, I really like like the movie A Star Is Born., what did you like about it?, I like the plot, and I like the story line. And I really like the acting and the music., nice. how about the kind of movies that you dislike?, I really dislike movies that are have poor acting and silly plots that don't make any sense and and just, you know, Movies that just don't make any sense and are just bad overall., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, I really hated this movie Airborne., It just made no sense, and it was really bad., was the acting bad too?, Yes, the acting was terrible., have you seen inception?, I have not seen Inception., how about birdbox?, I have not seen Bird Box, but I would like to see it. I heard it was pretty good. what types of movies do u enjoy, I really love action movies., can u name an action movie that u really liked?, One movie I really loved was Venom., what qualities about venom did u enjoy?, I liked that it had a sci-fi spin on it, and I also loved the acting and the short stints of comedy in it that really stood out., is there an action movie that didn't peak your interest?, There's been a lot over the years, but one of the big ones that I didn't really like the first time I watched it was John Wick., what about john wick didn't u like?, I felt that the story wasn't developed that well. It was just too heavy of action which resulted in the movie not appealing to me the first time I watched it., thanks for sharing. have u watched the movie Guardians of the Galaxy, Yes, I have., did u like this kind of movie?, Yes, I loved it., why is that?, I love most of the Marvel movies, but I also liked Guardians of the Galaxy because it was funny, it did have strong action, and the actors really acted well in it. What kind of films do you like to see?, I really like action movies., Why do you like action movies?, They're a great escape. You are almost never thinking about much else besides the movie you're watching, kind of nonstop from start to finish, and they're usually a lot of fun. The action is a lot of fun. A lot of times, the storylines are either fun or intriguing, and all the better if the acting is good, and the action movies can sort of go, both ways with acting, but usually there's enough action to carry things through if the acting's not there., Great, that's really good to know. Now what's a movie you've seen recently that you enjoyed?, recently, Black Panther, That's a fun one, did you like it?, I loved it., Why?, It's very high quality action. It is very a lot of fun, actually very inspiring. The story is great, sometimes that suffers in this kind of movie, but this one, the story is great. It's very exciting, and it really is It's a very full complete movie. So, you really get a lot of great acting, great action, and it's just And it's also It really is a lot of fun., That's wonderful. I"m glad you enjoyed it! Now what kind of movies would you say you generally avoid?, I stay away from a lot of sci-fi movies., Why's that?, They can be good but a lot of them are high concept and the execution will be way off. And I watch a movie and try to understand it as opposed to sort of going with it and a good deal of the Sci-Fi don't make a lot of sense., I see. that makes sense., Yes., Based on what you've said I'm curious if you've seen Mission Impossible Fallout, Yes., What did you think of it?, I loved it. I love all the Mission: Impossible movies. It's probably my favorite franchise at this point and it was as good as the ones before and it is, Always from start to finish. Usually really well edited so that there is not a lot of extra going on that sort of distracts from the movie. The characters are engaging, and one's that pull you in even though there is always several who are new and unfamiliar to you it doesn't seem to matter. It' just each of the Mission Impossible picks up and introduces you to, You like them and you just go with the story. It's always great., That sounds like a good time! I'm glad you have a series you love., Yes. I am, too., So have you seen Escape room?, No. That's a little scary for me., Would you ever consider seeing it?, Yeah, like if my friends wanted to see it, I would go with them., Thank you. One last question for you, sure, So I know you avoid Sci-fi, but you like action so I'm curious if you've seen Guardians of the Galaxy, I have not. That is, It I don't know, something about it seemed a little too busy, but people really love it, so I feel I'll I will see it at some point and I do like the Marvel movies so I probably will see it at some point. But it does seem a little a little much, I might not love it the way everybody else does, but I I will give it a try. what is your favorite movie?, Oh god, there's so many., That's a tough choice here. I would have to go with Back to the Future., back to the future, ok all of them or just one of them, All of them, especially the first one. The first one is the one that I saw when I was growing up, so it really left a deep impression on me., what is your favorite part of the movie? the setting or character or other, All the characters, actually. They have their own little quirks and their own little backgrounds and everything. So, that's very cool. And especially, well, all the sets, you know? It's It's built like a real place. So, it feels real, too, if that makes sense. Like it's not like it's made up for the movie., do you think they predicted the future well, Yes, although we don't have flying cars yet. But we have self-driving ones., would you like to have a flying car yourself, Yes, it'd be very convenient until everybody has one and now the air spaces are too busy., when do you think those might come out, Oh, boy! We are looking maybe in the next 50 years. I know they are working on it but before it is publicly available, it is going to be a long time., that would be for awhile, what about characters, who do you like the most in the movie, Doc Brown, the professor. He plays a really good character in these It just worked out really well the way that they cast him, and he's really into character. Like it feels like he was made for the role., the professor? can you relate well with him, Yeah., Yeah, I like to tinker. Not that I invent things, but it does speak to me., ok if you like to invent things what would you like to invent or improve on, Better way to get your power., And if you think even Back to the Future, they had this little mini nuclear reactor for your house. That'd be awesome., like alternative energy?, Yes. Solar power is nice but it's still limited on it's form depending on the area that you leave., thats very innovative yes, what about a scene you didnt really enjoy from the movie, The scene that I really liked was the one where he eventually gets back like the the whole suspense to last, you know, 15 20 minutes when they are building up trying to get him back to his own time., why do you like it, It's suspenseful. It pulls you into the movie. Like the first time I saw it, I was on the ends of my seat and I was almost screaming at the screen, you know?, where did you watch it, in the theater?, No. I watched it at home. I wasn't old enough to go to the theater., ah ok, that must have been very memorable scene as a child, Yes. And it was a good movie to watch when we're young., can you share with me some movies you just dont like, I hate sports movies. They just don't interest me, I think they're boring. If I wanted to watch something sports, I would watch it myself., Like I watch like real sports, not a sports movie., ok there are many movies involving football players and tennis players, you are not interested in anyone of those?, If I have other options, then I would watch something else. If I had to pick, you know, if you go to movies, and you get to pick between three shows, then of those three movies and one of them is a sports movie, it's an automatic out., ok have you seen one like match point for example, No., how about other sports movies have you seen any, Yeah, I've seen a few. I did enjoy Rocky. The first couple of Rocky movies were good. The Blind Side, which is a sports movie, but it's more a drama. And Space Jam, of course. Everybody loves Space Jam., the blind side and rocky would you say they are heavier on drama or the sports element, Drama., ok would that be a good reason why you are ok with them, I think so. Yeah, I think that's a safe thing safe thing to say. The sports takes a background, with the drama to foreground. What type of movies do you like?, I like movies that involve time travel of some kind., why time travel?, Because it makes for like interesting plot lines for like you know people go back to the past to change something in the present or to change something that's going on in the story., What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies is 12 Monkeys., why?, It's It kind of you know it deals with the with the hero who's trying to stop the Apocalypse from happening by time traveling., What type of movies do you not like?, I'm not a real big fan of romantic movies., why not?, I just think it's hard to stay interested in a in a love story. Cuz you kind of already know, you know, everything that's going to happen. It's like the the formula gets like boy meets girl. Boy has a misunderstanding with girl. And then boy get's reunited with girl at the end or something like that., have you seen the movie Die Hard?, Yeah, I've seen Die Hard. Man, that is a classic., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I liked how unpredictable it was. You know, they they kind of get the character stuck into situations that, you know, you wouldn't normally see in an action movie, and then they're kind of forced to, you know, watch it play out., have you seen the movie The Avengers?, Yeah, I saw The Avengers. It's been a while, though. I don't know if I could tell you about it or not., What did you like about this kind of movie?, Oh, I mean there're always amazing special effects and and crazy action sequences., And if I recall, you know, The Avengers was probably one of the better superhero movies that I saw., okay. thank you what type of movies do u enjoy most?, Comedy movies., can u name a movie that fits that category that u really liked?, Yeah, Airplane! is a good comedy movie., what are some things about airplane that stuck out to u, It's slapstick comedy, Leslie Nielsen. It's all It's all fantastic. Makes me laugh. It's a good time., anything else?, No. I mean, it's just a classic. It's fun to watch with my parents, fun to watch with people for the first time, things like that., is there a comedy movie u didn't enjoy?, I can't think of one right now. But no, yeah. Some some comedy movies are pretty bad. They're not very funny. But I just can't think of one off the top of my head unfortunately., lets see. what makes a good comedy movie in your opinion, the write cast, the writers, others actors in the write together, thank u. and this is a bit of a tangent, but have u seen gone girl, I have seen Gone Girl. I don't really remember much about it but yeah., do u remember if you liked it?, I I remember liking it. Yeah, I didn't dislike it., was there anything that stuck out to u as to why u liked it?, I remember it being directed very well. I think the writing was pretty good on it, too. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like romance movies., Why do you like romance movies?, I like romance movies cuz they're romantic and they're fun to watch., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, I like Romeo and Juliet., Why did you like that movie?, I like that movie cuz it's very romantic and sad at the same time., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, I do not like., The Notebook, Why not?, Because it's a boring movie, and the the romance in this thing is fake., Ok, then have you seen the movie Crazy Rich Asians, No, I have not seen this movie., Have you heard of it?, No, I have not heard of it., Then have you seen The Shape of Water, The Shape of Water, No, but it seems interesting., Ok, have you seen Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, I have., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I like this kind of movie because this kind of movie because it seems to be the great action movie for magic and than the sea creatures., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like fantasy movies., Well, tell me why do you like fantasy movies?, Because they're out of this world, and they make me think about life in a a way that I wouldn't think about it., cool, what is your favorite movie?, Street Fighters: The Legend of Chun-Li, alright, Why is that your favorite movie?, Because just like I like the street fighters franchise I just feel like the movie that I watched like a couple weeks ago it goes with it deals with a crime gang like organized crime gang, The boss wants to take over the small town that that the woman, I just find I just find the plot to be interesting, and it excites me. It makes me It makes me keep me on my at the edge of my seat., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I do not like Pokémon: The First Movie because, I don't like the plot, and there wasn't much character development., Ok, then have you seen the movie Pacific Rim, No, I haven't seen that movie., have you heard of it?, No, I haven't heard of it., Ok, then have you seen the movie Star Wars, I've seen some of it, yeah., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, What I like about it is that it's, It's center is in space and there's like lots of space ships fighting against each other. And it's a story about good vs. evil, so I want to I want to I want to see the good guys win, so yeah What types of movies do you usually see?, Usually whatever's good, I guess. I watch all the Marvel movies that come out. As far as what I watch at home, it's just whatever seems interesting and has a good rating, usually on Netflix., Okay, can you tell me one of your favorite movies, My favorite movie is Moonrise Kingdom., Great. Why did you like it?, I'm a big fan of the director, and I really like the storytelling and art style of the whole movie., What else did you like about it?, I also liked the characters, it's a really good cast., Now can you give me a movie you didn’t like?, A movie I didn't like. I guess recently I would say Pacific Rim., Why didn’t you like it?, It just seemed a little mindless to me. I wasn't a fan of any of the characters or what was going on., ok, Did you like Ready Player One?, I didn't see that., Okay, so what about The Incredibles?, The new one, I enjoyed a lot. I'm a big Disney fan and I enjoyed the movie when I saw it., Got it. Is there anything else that came to mind about this kind of movie?, Not really. Nothing was too amazing about it, but I just enjoyed it., Alright, did you like A Star Is Born?, I didn't see that., okay, how about Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, That's an old one I haven't seen in a while, but I liked it when I saw it., Is there something about this kind of movie that you liked?, Not specifically. I think I just I had been invested in the series, so it was nice to see the next part, but nothing about it was specifically amazing., got it, did you like Papillon?, I didn't see it., ok, how about Predator?, I didn't see that, either., Iron Man?, I saw that. I enjoyed it. I think it was a really good start to the Marvel Cinematic Universe., anything else about this type of movie you liked?, Not specifically. It's been a while, so I don't really remember any details., okay. thank you for your time., Goodbye. Do you like movies like When Harry Met Sally or Good Will Hunting or Transformers, Really like Good Will Hunting. Transformers, the idea's okay, but the movies are not., I don't But, I like the genre they're in., I haven't seen When Harry Met Sally., For Transformers, what is it about this type of movie that you don't like?, Mainly the directing, the there's no characters usually it doesn't make any sense, there's no real plot and the transition from scene to scene is bewildering., And it almost causes emotion sickness., Ok. For Good Will Hunting, what is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well, I kind of like the the genre, or the the genius who has to learn to be a genius type movies, or it's similar to I also like con movies and heist movies where there's just somebody who's really smart doing smart things and trying to get away with something, I guess., do you like the movie The Matrix?, Yes, it's one of my favorites. It's everything Transformers is not., okay what is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well, for Matrix it had it had the action it kind of had the similar to like the Good Will Hunting where it somebody like a genius or somebody who is great who has discovered they are great and then also the it has like the it has a little bit of a twist ending on the end that makes the whole movie make sense and it just has a lot of things that I like., anything about this type of movie that you don't like, More so for the sequels, it can be a little too dense or incomprehensible in what they are trying to get across., Whereas the first Matrix didn't do that. It was very kind of a standalone film story. Where And the sequels did not. But in terms of what I didn't like in the first Matrix, it was just I can't really think of anything. It's That's why it's one of my favorite movies., Alright. Thank you for the information., Mhm, you're welcome., Until next time can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like war movies., I also like documentaries., ok, what about war movies and documentaries do you like?, War movies I like because they're more serious, less dramatic, or less overblown I should say. Less exaggerated, whatever. Documentaries, the same thing, but to an even more extreme degree. They're usually more factual, or based entirely in facts, whereas they might be a little drab and boring., Depending on the subject, and how the how the documentary is done., got it, can you name a film you really enjoyed?, I have really enjoyed., I really I really enjoyed the documentary about Aaron Swartz., Just because it was a really interesting documentary about him. It really shed some light on on Reddit and on how it was created. How, you know, like some of the stuff that he went through. All of that stuff., ok, can you tell me about types of movies you don't like?, I don't generally enjoy, drama movies, I just don't like drama movies cuz I have had so much drama in my own life and I have now., You know, I I'd I don't know. I just don't really find it is much of an escape as other movies provide., ok, can you name a specific film you didn't like? it doesn't have to be a drama but it can be., Honestly, I can't really think of any movies that I don't like. Like if I don't feel like I'm going to like a movie, I won't bother even watching it. So, which is why I don't watch a whole lot of movies., that's ok, can you tell me have you seen the movie la la land?, No, I have not. What type of movies do you like?, fantasy movies, so movies like Harry Potter?, Yes, I love Harry Potter movies. They are full of fantasy. I love how each one of them has different Patronuses., what is another one of your favorite movies?, Stardust is another favorite movie that I like., what did you like about that movie?, I liked the movie because he was able to travel to a whole different world just by crossing the border., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like documentaries., is it because they're usually boring?, Yes, they are very very boring., have you heard of the movie Inception?, Yes, I have heard of the movie Inception., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I liked the movie because it was about a dream going into a dream in another dream. It was just, Fantastic., you seen the movie Wreck-It Ralph?, Yes, I have seen the movie Wreck-It Ralph., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I liked the movie because it showed that he wasn't just a Wreck-It Ralph. He could do whatever he wanted to do and be different., okay. thanks What type of movies do you enjoy?, What appeals to you with these type of movies?, Gives me the life to keep living and like just every story is the same not the same and to live and experience a new like a person's story., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Yeah, I love The Wild. It's a new film. Into the Wild. The authentic relationship between father and daughter, and then or father and son, and then father and wife., What did you like about this movie?, Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't like, romantic comedies, Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, What do you dislike about this movie?, It's just silly., Have you seen Titanic, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I didn't like the spikiness of it and then I mean, I do understand the historical content, but I just didn't like what they were talking about., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, Okay. What type of movies do you like and why?, action movies, why do you like action movies?, They make me feel like a hero., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Die Hard, Please give at least 2 reasons why you like that movie., I really like Bruce Willis., And I like the cop., Can you name a particular movie you dislike?, Twilight, Please give at least 2 reasons why you dislike that movie., It's a love story., The vampires are fake., Do you like the movie Ocean's Eight ?, It was okay., Can you name a particular movie you dislike?, The Notebook., Please give at least 2 reasons why you dislike that movie., The love story is unbelievable., I don't like the actress., Do you like the movie Sicario: Day of the Soldado ?, I have never seen it., Although you have not seen it, have you heard of it?, Yes., Do you think you would like to see it?, Yes., Have you seen the movie Fifty Shades Freed ?, Yes., Please give at least 2 reasons why you like or dislike this movie., I dislike the story. I dislike how he has a bunch of money., Thank you for your feedback. Good night., Good night. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like dramas., Well tell me why do you like dramas?, because they central on the idea of real life, of what's really going on in the human experience which I think is important for collective influence., interesting, how about a movie you liked?, I like the, Inception, Why did you like inception?, Because it was not only his fantasy, it was also real life. And the characters were well portrayed., alright, is there a movie you did not like?, I do not like Fast and Furious., oh, Why not?, I don't think it is good writing. I think it is lazy storytelling on the part of cars that are not real., Ok, then have you seen the movie Avatar?, Yes., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I liked the graphics and things of Avatar. But it was still kind of fake. But I do like how cool it was. Thank you., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. what kind of movies do you like?, I love sci-fi movies. That's my favorite category., what do you like about this genre?, I like the future aspect. I like the idea that, Things are going to be different and have a fun and new feel, too., can you name a movie that you really liked?, When it first came out, I loved the movie Inception. I like the visuals, and I like the idea that it was a dream within a dream. And it was confusing and fun, and it make you watch it multiple times., nice. how about the kind of movies that you don't like?, The movies I don't like often are Star Wars-type movies. They are fun, futuristic, and space movies. But the political part of the movies are just so boring that it's hard to get into., have you seen interstellar?, Yes, I have., what did you think about this movie?, I thought the visuals were really good. I thought the story line was a little dumb. But overall, the movie was pretty good. I would say it was a 7 out of 10. what type of movies do you like, I like comedies., is there any specific title that youre fond of, I love, What was it called?, What did you like about this movie?, It was all great because to see all the girls going on a trip and sharing different experiences and seeing different personalities away from home, and it was just awesome., Seeing different types of people melding together and a great story is what drew you in?, Yep. I like that. Sadly, I don't have friends, but at least watching a movie make me think that that is possible., Is there any movie genre that you don't like?, Don't like science fiction., Is there any particular reason why?, Cuz I found them fake all the time. Every time I would watch a movie like those, I'll be so annoyed, because they look just fake., so you're not too fond of fiction titles, Nope., Do you? Are you?, I personally don't mind them as long as the movie is good, is there a specific movie that you dislike, No, let's say Godzilla., So something more realistic appeals to you, something that you can relate to?, Right, like a comedy or drama, you know? Where you see what happens in real life., Have you seen Bridesmaids?, I guess I did. I don't remember quite well. But yeah, I remember that this girl was single and that her friend was going to get married, and she asked her to be one of her bridesmaid, and it was awesome., Was there anything that you remembered about liking or disliking that movie?, It seems like friendship is a key theme for movies you like, Most definitely., Have you seen the Breakfast Club?, I didn't watch that movie. What is it about?, That might be a movie that interests you, some people consider it a classic from the 80's but it has unlikely friendships that occur in the movie, I have not watched the movie, so I don't know. I'm not sure., Thank you for that!, No problem. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like action adventure films because there's a lot going on, and keeps me in suspense, and they're fun to watch., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Like True Lies, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Sure. It was a lot of action. You know, a lot of witty dialog, lot of stuff going on. You know, just a good plot, good story, very interesting., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Nightmare on Elm Street, What do you dislike about this movie?, I'm not really into horror films or films that try and scare you. Never liked those, so that's That's probably why., can you give me an additional reason, This is not my genre, you know,, Just don't like being scared. No. And I find that they're not very entertaining either., Do you like the movie Solo: A Star Wars Story ?, Haven't seen it., Do you like the movie Black Panther?, Haven't seen that one, either., have you heard of it?, Yes., do you think you would like to see it?, Maybe., Yes., lot of action, good dialog, just the action scenes were great, you know?, Why do you like or dislike this type of movie?, I like it because there's a lot to see. It keeps your attention. You want to know what happens next, and there's a lot of interesting scenes., Do you like the movie Avengers: Infinity War ?, Yes., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like or dislike this kind of movie?, There's a lot of action once again and a lot of thing to see and it's never boring., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., Thanks. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like Science fiction, thrillers, some horror movies, dramas, and a few comedies I think. Mainly from childhood I guess., Well tell me why do you like science fiction movies?, Well, I think the obvious one being that they show you something you don't experience or never seen before in, you know, our reality. And often times they are a template or it's a way to talk about our reality through some other just, you know, extra worldly imaginative world that the writer or director or whatever creates., And it's it's fun just to be able to leave and visit a different world, I guess., cool, what is your favorite movie?, In that genre, or overall?, Overall, Ooh, that would be tough., Well, the first one that comes in mind oddly is not science fiction, but the movie Seven mainly because of how well paced it is I think. Yeah, and indie., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, Well, recently the new Jurassic World movie, Fallen Kingdom I think is the sequel. I didn't I didn't really like the first Jurassic World but I I just don't understand why they're as popular as they are when none of the Jurassic Parks except for the first one has been really very good, and this one is I don't even really remember much about it other than I was kind of bored by it, and things just didn't make any sense., Ok, then have you seen the movie Logan, Yes, and I very much enjoyed it., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, About movies like Logan?, Yes, Well, it's a tough question that'll answer cuz I think the reason I like Logan was it was it's a superhero movie, but it doesn't feel like a superhero movie and it feels very different than any of the others. So, it's things I like about it is while it's not are not the things I like about other movies. It's very different and it's and it's kind of a town movie, but it felt like a western, Hugh Jackman as Wolverine is iconic. And the fact that they go they went rated R with it really, I think, helped the movie feel more impactful. And that character actually reach the levels that that of the love of why people like that character. Tell me what type of movies you like., I like romantic comedies., Perfect! Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, Annie Hall is a great movie., Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, I like the character interaction and I like the time period, very interesting., Is there anything else about that type of genre you really like?, It's funny. I like a I like a funny movie, too., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, I didn't like The Exorcist., Alright. And, what are some things you really don't like about that type of movie?, I don't like horror movies. Don't like movies that are disgusting and make me upset., So would you enjoy a movie like Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales ?, Yes, I would., And again, it'd be great to hear why you enjoy that type of movie, I I think the actors and actresses are very attractive. I think it's light, It's not violent, and it's a little bit funny, it's amusing so yeah that's why I like that movie movies., Let's chat about one more movie. How about The Shawshank Redemption ?, Loved that movie., Liked it very much., and what were some great things about that?, The acting was superb. The story was unique, novel. And it just flowed all really well and it was a very happy ending., Great! thanks so much!, Thank you. Now, what would be one of your favorite movies?, Rush Hour 3, Got it. Could you give me some reasons you enjoy that type of movie?, Great Great plot, funny, good humor, clean humor., Ok thanks. How about a movie you really didn't like?, Funny People, And what didn't you like about that?, no plot, bad humor, very inappropriate., So would you enjoy a movie like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ?, Yes., And again, it'd be great to hear why you enjoy that type of movie, Good story line, nostalgic childhood memories., How about Pacific Rim?, No., And again, it'd be great to hear why you don't like those kind of movies, Not too sure what it's about., Ok how about Star Wars: The Last Jedi, Yes, I would like that movie., What are things you like about that?, oh great story line, great history, spending time with friends, a lot of people enjoy it as well, How about Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, Yes., And again, some reasons that make you interested?, good story line and lots of action, Great, anything else?, No, that's all. Thank you Hey., what type of movies do you like, I like Mr. Rodgers Neighborhood, the documentary, once you get my neighbor, I thought that was really good., Why do you like that movie?, It's really personal to them. Like it really hones in on him and talks about his life and all the time he spent PBS and all of the kids he came in contact with., At times I thought it was too reverent, but other times it was truthful and powerful., Nice, are there any similar movies that you like?, Yeah, I would say like I liked Of Mice and Men. I thought that was really good. The 19 The The TV movie in the '80s. I don't think it was a TV movie, but it was in the '80s. It was John Malkovich played Lennie, and that was a really good adaptation. I thought it was better tha the 1920s film., Are there any movies that you dislike personally?, You know, I I tend not to watch bad movies, you know? Like if it's a bad movie, I just won't go watch it. Like if it has bad reviews, it's not worth my time, you know?, I want to see a good quality product if I go out to see something, I don't want to see something that's going to be awful. I am spending my money and my time to go and watch something., So I want to get something good for that., Did you like the movie Christopher Robin?, I never seen that movie., How about Wonder Woman?, I've never seen it. Again, like, I don't watch movies a whole lot., I haven't really seen The last, like, I think the last time I was in a movie theater, I saw Avatar and I kind of liked that. That was a long, long time ago. Many, many years., Okay thank you! what are some type of movies that you like?, I really like a romance movie, something very serious and maybe a little sad., Why is that?, It just really pulls at my heart, and it makes it feel real., What is one of your favorite movies?, I really liked Brokeback Mountain., why is that?, Its certainly a make-love story and now I wasn't actually expecting that going in. And even though it was a couple in the movie it just, feel the love between them and it was really nice., what did you think of the ending?, The ending was a little sad for me, but it was still nice., What type of movies do you not like?, I really don't like cheesy comedies just nothing but laughs. A laugh here and there is okay, but I prefer more serious movies., did you like the movie big hero 6?, No, I didn't. Even though it was a nice movie, just I really don't like animation or kids movies., I want something with a little darker theme., what about the movie The imitation game?, The Imitation Game is a good movie. Not really a romance, though. But it's still a very good movie., What did you like about this kind of movie?, The main character was just depressed and stranded to his thing but everybody kept just giving him problems., And he still overcame that., okay. thank you hello, Hi Assistant., What kind of movies do you like?, I I like drama movies., Why do you like dramas?, Oh, because most of the drama movies are well acted, and I really enjoy the stories, and it takes me away from all my troubles., Can you name a particular movie you like?, I really like The Shawshank Redemption., What did you like about that, was very suspenseful and really kept me interested., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I really didn't like the I can't think of the name of it, pretty women, How come you did not like it?, It wasn't very realistic. It was too tongue and cheek, like ton of sappy., What about the matrix? did you like that?, No, I didn't really like that movie., So you do not like science fiction?, No, I really don't like science fiction at all. Did you like that? Oh, science fiction is just like boring to me and not very realistic and just doesn't keep my interest., I see. Thanks for the input., Goodbye, Talk to you next time. Hello there! Mind if I ask a few questions about movies?, sure, What kind of movies do you like, what is it you like about these types of genres?, I generally like comedy movies cuz they're fun and silly. You know, and you don't have to think too much. You can you know, just sit and kind of veg out and forget about your troubles and laugh., Nice. Is there a movie you can name that you really like?, I really like the Hangover movies. They were really funny. Zach Galifianakis is hilarious., They were great! Really funny, pretty consistent., Yeah. His schedule is super consistent. Oh men, he just kind of got workier and workier as it as it went on., Before the boy is a doctor., IS there a movie you don't like? Like, bottom of the barrel in movie selections?, Trying to think of something that I've watched that I, There's been a couple that I got on Netflix and just Or not Netflix, but, RedBox and couldn't even finish them. Can't think any other names right now but, I can't really think of any., No big fan of documentaries, but I can't think of any one specific movie that I just hate. Although like I said there have been a couple that I'll put in the DVD Player and watched about 10 or 15 minutes of it and didn't even finish it. It was so unforgettable that I can't even remember the name of, Okay. Well lets see, what about documentaries don't you like?, You know, I would like to go to the movies for escape and most documentaries want you to feel something or got a story to tell you. I mean, there are some good ones but I think for the most part is just you know if you want to get educated take a class or something but if you want to go to the movies I want something lively and fun., Something that I don't have to think too much., or get upset, I agree. Some of them can be too intense., Yeah., By any chance, have you seen Reservoir dogs?, Oh yeah. I've got the DVD around here somewhere. Yeah, I'm a big Yes, I like Quentin Tarantino, and the actors in that are really great. That kind of launched his career, even though that wasn't the first movie he wrote., Is it a movie you like?, Yes, that's kind of a classic., Have you seen the movie Godfather?, Yeah, I seen all three of them. The first two being the better of the three. The third one is almost unwatchable., Why do you feel that way?, It was just bad. It was just kind of an afterthought after the two the success of the first two. The third one just seemed like a money grab. It wasn't well written. Story wasn't all that good, and I don't know. It just didn't make sense the way it was presented., do you think they Rode the coat tails of the firsts success., Oh yeah. Definitely. And you know, I came to it late. I didn't see it when it first came out. I knew what I was getting into, and so it wasn't very surprising. But well it kind of was, cuz it was worse than what I had heard it was, so, But, yeah. The third one was just bad. Only the acting wasn't bad, but the writing of the the whole plot was just kind of messed up. Compared to the first two, I mean, you're talking about two of the probably the two of the top 10 movies of all times., They had a lot to live up to., Yeah., Thank you so much for your input! You know your movies. your input has been a huge success. have a great night!, You're welcome., Thank you. can you please tell me what type of movies you like?, I'd like action movies, I like comedy. I like American movies, Denzel Washington especially. I like action I like war movies, I like spy movies, because they are thrilling and exciting., got it, can you name a specific movie you really like?, I like the Bourne movies., I like My favorite movie is Shooter., why do you like that movie?, Because sniper movies are very exciting and how snipers go about their business and war is very exciting., You understand., got it, the action scenes were very exciting, I like the explosion and the special effects, as well., Yes, setting up a sniper scene is very exiting., great, can you name a movie you don't like?, I don't like The Last Airbender., I don't like movies that are very fake., And are very very unrealistic., got it, do you like animated movies?, I do enjoy animated movies., ok, by fake you mean unrealistic stories?, Yes, by fake I mean unrealistic stories., great, can you tell me have you heard about snow white and the seven dwarves?, I have. I like Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. I've watched it before., I enjoyed I enjoyed Snow White and Seven Dwarfs cuz it was a very interesting story., ok, Thanks! can you please tell me what type of movies you like?, I like comedy movies., ok, why do you like comedies?, Because they are I like to have fun and laugh during movies., got it, can you name a movie you really enjoyed?, Step Brothers, why did you like that movie?, Because it was really funny. I liked the characters and I liked the brothers then how they had fun and the adventures they went on and stuff like that., ok, can you name a move you didn't like?, Not that I can think of right now., are there genres of movies you don't like?, I do not like romance movies at all., ok, what about it don't you like?, They're just boring and I just can't get into them., ok, have you heard about A Quiet Place?, Yes., have you seen it?, No., got it, have you seen the equalizer 2?, No, I have not., have you heard about that movie before?, Yes., is that something that sounds interesting to you?, Yes, it does., ok, what about it seems interesting?, Just the characters and what they go through, stuff like that. What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedies, I like some dramas. I don't really like horror films., what do you like about comedies?, I like to laugh, I like to have an enjoyable experience watching the movie, I like to feel good afterwards., what kind of comedy do you like?, Oh, most kinds. As long as it's not like not funny, I'll watch it., what do you like about drama movies?, I like ones that have an engaging story., how about horror movies, what do you dislike about them?, Well, I just don't get scared by them. And I just don't usually get the part to engage in., ok, so you're not impressed by horror movies?, Correct., can you recall a particular comedy movie that you liked?, I like the movie Tag., what did you like about this movie, It was funny, and it had good actors., how about a drama movie, can you name one?, Taken., what did you like about this movie?, It had an interesting plot and a good lead actor., nice. can you name a movie you disliked?, The Conjuring, what did you dislike about it?, I just didn't find it scary., you didn't like the story either?, Not really, no., have you seen Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl?, I think I have, yes., have you seen the avengers?, I have seen The Avengers., what did you think of this movie?, I thought it was pretty good. It's not my favorite movie in the franchise, but it still is pretty solid, good performances, and good just good to watch. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like movies that are based on true story., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I think it's just easier to get invested in the story knowing it's at least partially true, so it feels more real, like you can get more invested in the characters., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, I watched Apollo 13 recently, and that's a really good movie., What did you like about this movie?, I've always liked space travel, like it's just an interesting idea, and so seeing the story of how their mission went wrong and how they got back was just really fascinating., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't like comic book movies very much., What about these movies is unappealing?, There's just too many of them. Like I fell behind, and I've never felt like catching back up, so I just tend to ignore all of them, and they just generally don't interest me that much., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, The movie I didn't like Available. I saw that recently, I didn't like that movie., What do you dislike about this movie?, Have you seen Armageddon, No., How about the Incredibles 2, Nope, haven't seen that. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like historical war movies and dramas., ok, what about those types of movies do you like?, I like the action, the historical significance, the setting. I'm a big World War II fan, so Well, not a fan of world wars, but a fan of the the time period., got it, can you name a specific film you enjoyed?, Yes, Saving Private Ryan., ok, can you name types of movies you don't like?, I don't like romantic comedies at all. I think they're a waste of time and money. I just don't find them funny., ok, can you name a specific film you didn't like?, Sure, When Harry Met Sally., got it, can you tell me have you seen the movie marry poppins returns?, No, I have not., have you heard about the movie?, I've heard about it. Yes, but I've not seen it., ok, do you think you would be interested in seeing it in the future?, I did like The original Mary Poppins was fun, so maybe I don't know. I'm a lot older now., got it, have you seen the movie the avengers?, Yes., did you like that movie?, Oh, yeah. I thought it was really good. I did enjoy it. Yes., ok, what about it specifically did you like?, I think superheroes are cool. It had a whole bunch of them. I thought the story was made sense. I like the action, I just like the whole universe. Marvel Universe is interesting to me. What kind of movies do you like?, I like action movies., What is it about action movies do you like?, They're fun and interesting to watch., Is there an action movie that you like?, Yes. I like the Harry Potter movies., What is it about the Harry Potter movie did you like?, Yes. It has magic in it., And there's the cockroaches., OK, well how about a movie you did not like?, I don't like scary movies, Interesting is there a scary movie you don't like?, I don't really watch that much horror movies cuz I don't like them., Well, have you seen Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, No, I have not., Then, have you seen Justice League, I have not., Have you heard of it?, I don't think so., Have you seen Toy Story?, Yeah, I've seen it., What did you like or dislike about Toy Story?, I saw it when I was younger. I was I was kid, so I think it was interesting that the toys came to life., It's fun to watch., What is it that you like or dislike about these kind of movies?, Yeah., You're emotional to watch., That's what I like about it., Ok, thank you so much, Have a nice day, You're welcome. You, too. Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, Hello., I like comedies, dramas, suspense, mysteries, family movies., Why do you like these kinds of movies?, I like to laugh and I really like comedies for that reason and I like to be entertained., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Yes. I can name a a like 21 Jump Street, the most recent one, the was put out., What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, I like that it had a lot of humor in it, and it kept me laughing from pretty much the beginning of the movie to the end of the movie., Anything else about it that you appreciate?, I really enjoyed the actors., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Yes, I do not like the movie The Hills Have Eyes., What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, I just thought it had too much gore, and I also felt like it just wasn't a very good story., Do you like the movie Crazy Rich Asians?, I haven't seen it., How about Hunger Games?, I do like that movie., What 2 things do you like about Hunger Games?, I like the fact that it just shows you what people are willing to go through, for survival and I thought at the time I had a different plot to it that was interesting., Do you like the movie The Godfather ?, Yes, I do., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like or dislike this movie?, Yes, I liked it because it was full of suspense, you just didn't know what was happening next. And, I just thought that, It was just a pretty cool movie., very entertaining, Thank you very much for the feedback. Good bye., Goodbye. Hello, could you tell the name of a movie that you like?, pathology, What is it about this movie that you like?, I like that the doctors who are seen as people of high moral are going against this moral to commit crimes and cover there murders, it's very interesting and intriguing to me., What else?, I like the suspense. I like the raunchiness, sex scenes, the murder scenes. Is very Is very on edge. I like it., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, Iron Fist, or Jessica Jones., What is it about this type movie that you dislike?, I dislike after a few episodes it kind of got still and it felt it felt a little repetitive. Like it felt like they were just using fillers to make the season go out or to give people another season. I kind of like the first season where it was very suspenseful and every episode made you feel like you wanted to watch the next one., Have you watched the movie The Godfather ? If so, did you like it or dislike it?, I did not watch the movie I heard about it, I know it's a old movie and very reputable like Scarface but I haven't seen it., what about Wonder Woman, I haven't seen Wonder Woman as well. I'm actually behind on my movies.Like I need to see Avengers, I need to see Infinity Wars, I need to see Black Panther, so I'm king of behind. I've been busy. I did see the Hunger Games. I've seen the first one, if I remember., what about The Hunger Games, Did you like it, I did like it. I like how it was fictional and somehow nonfictional. Like it was realistic fiction, put it like that. I like how the people were actually in the simulation and how there were other forces controlling it, kind of think it was like foreshadow, like The Matrix, how it has a deeper meaning, some time of, not satire, but just an underlying meaning of it message., what else?, It I like how it forced people in the Hunger Games to work together, people that they didn't like, how they end up working together and It It was just very intriguing seeing people change priorities when their life was at stake, and it's very interesting. Very on edge., Anything about this kind of movie that you dislike ?, No. I like the first one. I haven't seen the second one, but I like the first one., any movie that you dislike?, Aside from Jessica Jones, I consider that a movie, and the Iron Fist, not really, no., Alright. Thank you for the information., See you later what kind of movies do u like to watch, generally, Generally I like to stay with science fiction movies, anything that's paranormal or futuristic or anything like that., can u name a movie that fits that category that you like, Yes, the Terminator 2 was a really great movie., what qualities of that movie did u like most?, A great science fiction story with time travel, good characters, and a really good plot that actually made sense., thanks for sharing. how about a movie in that category that you didn't like, Science fiction Armageddon, supposedly it was a good movie, but I don't like it. I guess I don't like Bruce Willis., Yeah. There's a story where it's just really weird, an it felt like they didn't know where they were going with the plot. So it's kind of like club all together into a movie. Like splicing 10 different parts together into a movie, and here you go, here's the movie with kind of a plot., thanks for sharing. this is a bit of a tangent, but did u watch black panther?, I did not. No. I heard it was really bad., how about captain america?, Yes, I did watch Captain America. Yeah, I thought it was okay., what about it did u enjoy, I like the the actors, and I I liked the way that they did the action. And how they made the character come to life in the movie. What kind of movies do you like? Any specific genre?, I like science fiction movies., Is there a movie you can name that you really like?, Yes. I love the, I think it was called The Last Jedi., And can you tell me what you liked about those types of movies?, That was awesome., Perfect, now that I know what movie you like, can you name one you don't like? What would be last on your list?, I wasn't a fan of the Ant Man movie I saw today. It was not that funny, it was not one of my favorite modern movies. It seemed too contrived., What about that kind of movie didn't you like?, I just thought they made it up as they went along. It's kind of slow in some parts. It seemed like I was watching a TV show instead of a movie. It didn't seem big budget enough., Thanks for that. By any chance, have you seen the movie reservoir dogs?, No, I haven't seen it yet, but I heard very good things about it. I I'd love to see it., Oh it's amazing. Really great characters in it., Have you seen Bridesmaids?, It sounds like something I should check out. Maybe I'll watch it over the weekend., It's a funny chick flick., No, I haven't seen that. I really have not even heard of that movie., Have you seen The Matrix series?, Oh yeah, I love The Matrix movie also real good.I love Neo. I love that concept about the red pill and the blue pill, it was a pretty good concept to learn., Those movies were great. The Jason Bourne movies come close. Have you seen those?, Great action scenes in that movie., Awesome. Thank you so much for your input! It helps tremendously. I appreciate it. Have a great day!, See you later What kinds of movies do you like?, Pretty much everything except like Hallmark type movies or really really cheesy rom coms or family movies and some documentaries I don't some. If some the documentary is really dry, I can't get into it, it puts me to sleep., Is there something specific you can always watch?, As a movie, or a genre?, Genre, Probably action movies. I mean it's always fun to watch things blow up, you don't have to put much thought into it but so I guess that's the easiest answer to give., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, In that genre, or overall?, Over all please, Well, the most-recent one I liked and isn't an action movie, really, is Paddington 2. Which is a very much a that kind of cheesy family movie I said I don't really like. But it's just enough, and maybe it's cuz of the political climate we're in and everything. So cynical and negative that something that joyous and positive, I enjoyed. Whereas if, Things were going better in politics or the world. I mean I'd see it as that but yeah, I would answer Paddington 2., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, Can't think of anything recently., Well, there's a movie I always give which is a movie called Spartan by David Mamet, or at least it's written by David Mamet. And it's laughable how he's known for writing and very kind of his dialog and characters and I thought it was somebody making fun of his style, but it wasn't., It was all in earnest and it it was just awful It made me laugh throughout the whole thing, how bad it was., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Martian ?, Matt Damon? Yes. And read the book., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, Well, for that movie, it's kind of for the movie I There was a question before where you're asking about what movie I could or genre I could always watch. That's always going to be Die Hard. And I think The Martian is very similar in that it's a man trying to outwit his circumstances. In Die Hard, it's he's just an every-day Joe cop guy, In The Martian, you know, he's a scientist, really smart guy. But it's seeing him be very confident figuring out in a very dangerous situation that how to survive, and that was very fun to watch., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. What movies do you like?, comedies, Also, I like foreign films., What do you like about comedy and foreign films?, A comedy just makes me laugh it takes my mind off my troubles, and foreign films are really interesting I like to see what's going on around the rest of the world., I understand that you enjoy comedy for the humor and foreign films for insight on the world, Yes, exactly., Is there a specific title you enjoy?, I like anything with Melissa McCarthy in it., What do you enjoy about her acting?, She's funny. She's a great comedic actress., Are there any types of movies you dislike?, No, I like all of them., IS there a specific title dislike?, No, I mean I like all movies., Thank you, Talk to you next time What kind of movies do you like to watch?, I really enjoy the Harry Potter movies., What do you like about them?, I enjoyed the books., What kind of movies do you stay away from?, I never watch horror movies or scary movies., What do you not like about horror movies?, I don't like being scared, and I don't enjoy jump scares when the movie purposefully tries to startle you., Have you seen Solo: A Star Wars Story?, I have not seen that movie yet., Have you seen Fight Club?, Yes, I have seen that movie., What do you like about Fight Club?, I did not really like Fight Club., What didnt you like about fight club, I thought it was a violent movie., Thank you for your input, have a nice day, Thank you. You, too. What kind of movies do you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like drama movies coz they're engaging and available, and also I like mysteries and crime dramas because they're also very engaging., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I like Training Day., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I enjoy the acting. I like the score and I like the way that the movie was shot like the cinematography and I'm also a huge Denzel Washington fan., Me, too, he's one of the greats!, Right, what was his first movie?, Hmm.... let me Google this...., Okay., How many movies has Denzel Washington made?, He made his feature film debut in the comedy A Carbon Copy (1981) and was cast on the hit TV medical drama St. Elsewhere (1982-8), Oh, that's interesting., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I hate the Saw movies. I hate Saw, that movie., What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., I think it's gory, and I think all the And the acting is bad., Do you like the movie The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ?, I never seen The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring., Have you heard of this movie?, Yes., Would you go see it?, No., Do you like the movie The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1?, Yes, I love the movie Hunger Game: Mockingjay Part 1., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I like Jennifer Lawrence and I like movie setting like the Pan whatever it's called and I like the city., Do you like the movie Forrest Gump ?, Yes, I love the movie Forrest Gump., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I like Tom Hanks. I like his the way he acted at that point in time and I also like the transition of theirs., Do you like the movie Johnny English Strikes Again ?, I never see Johnny English Strikes Again., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies ?, Now I don't like the movie The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies., Have you heard of this movie?, Yeah., Would you go see it?, No., Do you like the movie Christopher Robin?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I like the setting and I like the the pharmacy acting., And I like the action., Do you like the movie Waiting to Exhale?, i have not seen Waiting to Exhale, but it's on my list to watch. I love Whitney, Me, too., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., You, too. What kind of movies do you like?, I like action, horror, adventure, fantasy., what do you like about these kind of movies?, They make me think, and they make me smile, and yeah., so you like cerebral movies?, Yeah., is there any particular movie that you've liked a lot?, Avengers: Infinity War, what did you like about this movie?, It is action packed with my favorite characters., so you like super hero movies?, Yes, I do., how about the movies that you don't like, can you tell me more about them?, Romance movies, what do you dislike about romance movies?, It's just boring boring to me., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, Not at the top of my head., have you seen fight club?, No, but I heard good things about it., have you seen batman begins?, Yes, I have., did you like this movie?, Yeah., what did you like about it?, I just liked the Batman in it. What kind of movies do you like?, I prefer comedies or thrillers., Why is that?, I find them to be most interesting. I can be in different moods. Sometimes I want to think. Sometimes I just want to sit and laugh., What do you check for when picking a movie?, What actors are in it, what the message of the movie is, what kind of mood am in when I want to watch it those are all things I would factor in., What about movies you don't like?, I don't like anything that's sci-fi or has zombies or any weird kind of stuff like that. I like realistic movies, movies that make sense., Can you give me an example of something you remember liking?, I like the movie The Skeleton Key a lot., What is that about?, a haunted house and a girl that moves in and finds weird stuff going on., Sounds interesting, I may have to check that out, It's a good one. You'll like it., Thanks for your input, Thanks. what kind of movies do u like watching, I like watching action adventure movies. I watch a lot of comedy. I'm into comedy. I like I was starting to get into new stuff like documentaries and biopics. That's probably like a new thing I want I'm trying out for a bit., can u name a movie that fits one of those categories that u really liked?, Let's see. The last movie I've seen that fits one of my pics. It's a documentary. It's called the It's about the Fyre Festival., what qualities about the movie did u like?, It went onto how everything started and about the guy the person who went about in starting the festival. And how it became from a good idea to a huge mess at the end and how he how the aftereffects affected him in real life., got it. glad i got to know what it's about. what about the documentary did u like, Like I said, about Knowing how it started, and how the guy who started it went about scamming all these innocent people, and at the end he got arrested at the end because what he did was horrible. And everything became a huge mess, and it became a social social media thing where everybody was talking about it., so u like more so the story, but not necessarily anything about how it's filmed, the narrative, or anything like that?, I like how it's it was filmed because they used different perspective. Like they used footage from cameras from people who went. Footage from people who were working on there. They used like a whole bunch of different footage from different camera types., But Yeah, I really did enjoy the story more than anything because it was a big big deal when it aired because that was one of the biggest things to go wrong in 2018., ok. can u now name me a movie that fits one of those categories that you didn't like?, that I didn't like. It's kind of hard cuz I like a lot of movies. But comedy wise, I'll choose the Sherlock movie with Will Ferrell., what about the movie didn't u like?, It was like so bad. I walked out in the middle of the movie because I didn't want to watch anymore and I requested a refund., Have u seen X-Men: Apocalypse, Yes, I have seen it. I've I own a copy., did u like this movie, It was okay. They could have done They could have done better with the story. It wasn't like memorable like the others X-mans stories that I enjoyed., why is that, I feel like, whoever wrote the movie, changed it around the third act and it was just like really like, It's leading up to something good then you get dissatisfied with what you got at the end, basically. Awesome, what kinds of movies that you like?, I like thrillers., What is it about thrillers that you like?, they keep you on you toes while you're are watching, coz you know assuming what's going to happen. You know its interesting especially if its a mystery thriller, trying to figure out the solution before the characters in the movie do., Is there a particular movie you like?, I like Dial M for Murder a lot., Why do you like that movie?, It's just well written, and it's an interesting story and a neat idea. It's just well executed. I like Alfred Hitchcock movies a lot, so, interesting, how about a movie you did not like?, I didn't like A Knight's Tale., Why not?, I don't remember exactly. We watched it in highschool and I just remember really being bored with it when everyone else liked it and I didn't get why people liked it. It was like a modern tale and fantasy story and I just didn't like it., I see, have you then seen Chappie?, No, I have not., have you heard of that movie?, I've heard of it. Yeah., have you seen Forrest Gump ?, Yep, I've seen Forrest Gump., What was it about that kind of movie that you liked or dislike? What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, Type of movies I like, I like How can I describe it? Like Like the Marvel movies, like like like Avengers and stuff like that., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I think Thor was a really good movie., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I guess it was like high energy, and I guess the main characters just really appeal to me., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I think Venom was pretty bad. I think Venom was quite bad., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., The first reason?, Probably have to say is the the acting doesn't seem like good and the writing was poor., Do you like the movie The Avengers?, Yeah, I do., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like how the actors are grouped together. I just think it's really cool., and what is your 2nd reason?, Second reason is getting the actors together. I think it's I think it's really cool., other than the actors and actresses, what are the 2 reasons you like about this moive?, I think I really like Stan Lee. And I think He's a really good I like the universe he makes. I've just been a longtime fan since I was young., Do you like the movie Sicario: Day of the Soldado ?, I've seen the trailer but I've never watched it., Would you go see it?, Probably not. It's just isn't like something I'm interested in., Do you like the movie Rambo III?, Yeah, I think that looks pretty good., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I think the actor looks really cool, and I like the setting. I think the setting still looks good., other than the actors, what do you like about this movie?, I think I think fighting's pretty cool., Do you like the movie The First Purge ?, I've never seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie Fifty Shades Freed?, Never seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie Iron Man 3 ?, Yes. I really do I really do like that movie., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., Tony Stark I think's a really good actor, and I'm a big fan of technology. I like how he utilizes it to be pretty powerful., other than the actor, what else do you like?, The technology part. That's what I like., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., Thank you. Do you like movies like bridesmaids?, Oh, love bridesmaids., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well, the cast was perfect. At the time, these were well known actresses but not superstars. They best became superstars after the movie. But they still cast it correctly and didn't try to go for a bigger name and that net didn't necessarily hit the rocks, so that part they got completely correct. It was It's also more of a body comedy, it's not little Not afraid to be, Raunchy, real, definitely a more realistic way of how women talk when they're just by themselves together. Love the whole movie, love the cast love the movie., what about movies like superbad?, Superbad was okay., Can you say a little more about that please?, Sure, when I saw Superbad I was probably, in my very late 20s or maybe early 30s. So I was sort of out of the time when that was probably if I was maybe 10 years younger, I may have loved it. But it was a little juvenile for me even though it was funny, it did not resonate with why they were so obsessed with it. But it was funny, it was entertaining, it just wasn't didn't I didn't come away with it being a favorite or anything. It is sort of a it's a high school tale and that doesn't usually affect, What age I see that at I can remember high school too right now even though I'm nowhere near my high school age but that one was just okay for me., okay. what about movies like transformers?, I don't like Transformers., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, Well, I love action movies. And in theory I could love Transformers, however Transformers is way more about sort of the action the you know the imagery that they're putting on film as opposed to making an actually good film. They're more they're more concerned with like the pyrotechnics, and the getting the action sequences right which can be exciting but in terms of trying to get through 2 hours it's not, you would want to watch again. So it's It's okay. It's not It's sort of light on entertainment. There are other movies that I sort of that summer blockbuster that could have used a lot more time focusing on the script to make it into a more complete movie., okay. thank you What types of movies do you usually see?, I really enjoy comedies. They're my favorite., Is there a movie you really liked?, Well, I liked 21 Jump Street the most recent one but, I like a lot of movies with, your typical comedy actors, Cool. What did you like about it?, It was funny, and it had some witty and clever scenes in it that really made me laugh., I enjoy adult humor as well., Got it. What’s one of the worst movie you’ve seen?, I believe one of the worst movies I've seen was I think I believe it was Night of the Living Dead. I really didn't care for that movie., Why didn’t you like it?, I thought it was a bit cheesy, and the graphics or special effects were terrible, and the plot just wasn't very good., OK. Did you like Hotel Artemis?, I don't believe I've watched that movie., ok, how about The Commuter?, I'm not sure if I've watched that one either. I think I would have to know a little bit more about it to recall., did you see Birdman?, Yes, I did., Great. What did you like about that kind of movie?, Well, I felt like Birdman was It was interesting. It was funny., Well, you know, it has some funny parts in it and I liked Michael Keaton., Is there something else that stands out about this kind of movie?, well, You know, I like the superhero concept of it. So I thought that was pretty good., Alright, did you like Captain America: Civil War?, Yeah, I liked Captain America: Civil War. I thought it was pretty good, interesting, you know, it's always great when the good guy wins at the end of the day., Okay. Can you think of anything else about this kind of movie that you liked?, Well, yeah. I just I enjoy whenever good versus bad and, you know, good wins. And, you know, when people have the superheroes have other special abilities., okay. thank you for your time., Thank you. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I really like movies based on historical events., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, I really love Hotel Rwanda., What did you like about that kind of film?, There's a ton of, you know, character development, emotional death, showing the atrocities from that civil war, and genocide. It really tugs at your heartstrings., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I didn't like Titanic. They embellished the romance that has been too much and a lot of inaccuracies in the movie., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, There is a lot of inaccurate things. And they focused a bit too much on the romance, rather than the historical aspect of it., Have you heard about the movie Downfall?, I have not. What's it about?, Have you seen the movie The Patriot?, I have. The Patriot's a really good movie., What did you enjoy about this kind of movie?, Even though they did embellish a bit, I liked that they show how brutal war can be, and there's not always one good side. Can you tell me what types of movies you enjoy watching?, Lately I've been really into movies that are documentary and especially ones that show what's happening behind the scenes, what's involved in making film., Alright, what’s one of your favorite movies?, Let me think of one. I really liked Okay, it's by Richard Linklater. I can't remember the name of it. But it was the one where like there were four different movies happening on the screen at once. Do you know the name of it?, Hmm, let me think.., Oh, oh, I know what it was. It was Waking Life., Ahhh, okay., And you said you really liked it because..?, It was just technically really interesting because there were there were four different movies happening on the screen at once like the screen was segmented and there were four different things happening at once., That sounds pretty cool!, OK. Now tell me about a movie you didn’t like., Let's see., I didn't like Skyscraper. I thought that was kind of boring., What did you not like about that one?, I just don't think the plot was very good. I thought it was it was just super super formulaic and predictable., I see. Have you seen the movie Ant-Man?, Yes, I have. Liked it very much., Paul Rudd is a little bit of an antihero., No pun intended., Haha And what did you like about that kind of movie?, I like antihero movies like Ant-Man, Ant-Man and the Wasp, Deadpool, Deadpool 2, stuff like that., I like the dark comedy., Oh, Ok. How about Hotel Transylvania? Have you seen that one?, Is that Tim Burton?, It's an animated movie. Let me see if it's the one you're thinking of., It's by Genndy Tartakovsky, Really? Interesting. No, I haven't seen it. I'd like to though., Alright, have you see Iron Man?, Yes., What did you think of it?, I like that very much. I like like Robert Downey Jr., Aside from the actor, was there anything else you enjoyed?, I liked the dialog. I think the script was really well written, and it was well directed, too. I can't remember the name of the guy who directed it, but I think he was in it, also., Jon Favreau directed it, Yeah, that's the guy. can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like comedy movies., why do you like comedy movies?, Because they make me laugh and they keep me entertained, and, That's why., great, can you name a comedy movie you really like?, Dirty Grandpa, great, can you name a movie you really don't like?, Project X, why didn't you like that movie?, Because it just it didn't have much of a plot. Just a bunch of people running around naked., There wasn't a lot of dialog. I think think there was There was dialog missing. There should have been more people talking., That's why., got it, have you watched the lord of the rings, fellowship of the ring?, Yes, I have., did you like that movie?, Yes, I did, because there was a lot of action. There was a lot of gore, a lot of a lot of fighting, a lot of fighting going on, so that's why I liked it. what kind of movies do u enjoy?, I enjoy romance comedies the most., can u name a movie that fits rom com that you thoroughly enjoyed?, I really liked 50 First Dates with Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore., what about 50 first dates did you like?, I love the, slapstick comedy of it, I like that it's light. I also like the love story and the ending is really heartfelt., thanks for sharing. can you name a movie that you didn't like that is a rom com?, A movie I didn't like as a rom com was Isn't It Romantic., what qualities of the movie Isn't It Romantic didn't you enjoy?, I didn't like how the movie, It just wasn't good. It didn't have any really funny jokes to it. There wasn't anything in it that I found appealing., was it that story line bore you?, Yes, it was., was there anything else that was bad about the movie?, Characters weren't believable., got it. thanks. have u seen la la land?, Yes, I have., did you like this type of film?, Yes., what about it did you enjoy?, I like the actors, and I like the big production of the movie. What kind of movies do you normally watch?, comedy, horror, and action, Have you seen Rampage?, Oh, no actually. I haven't seen that., Have you seen Fifty Shades of Grey?, No, I haven't seen that., What kind of movies do you stay away from?, Yeah, I won't I will never watch a romance movie, so Fifty Shades of Grey isn't something that I would watch, for example., What makes you stay away from those movies?, I just don't like the stories. I find them cheesy, I guess., Have you seen Spectre?, No, I haven't seen that., Have you seen The Avengers?, Oh yeah. I have seen that. That's probably one of my favorite movies, all of them., What do you like the most about The Avengers, Just the action and I love superheroes so, I like seeing them in action., What is a movie that you dislike?, I wouldn't say I really dislike any movie but there's one I could name. Probably be Rubber which is about a tire that goes around killing people., What makes you not like Rubber?, I guess it was funny but it was just too bizarre. I don't know. The story was over the top, ridiculous., Thank you for your input, have a nice day, You, too. hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I like thrillers., And fantasy movies., okay. Great. Why do you like fantasy movies?, They are fun and I escape this, I guess., They're pretty, usually, and interesting premise., so do you like movies like harry potter?, Yeah., do you like the lore?, the lore of Harry Potter, yeah, Yeah., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, I really like, I like Baby Driver. That was pretty good., what did you like about baby driver?, All the music matching up with everything is pretty nice. The plot was interesting and the characters were interesting. Mostly the music and the visuals were really nice., what did you think of the ending?, The ending was pretty satisfying. Like it was nice to see him get off his ear because he gave the old lady her purse., It's nice that he got out of jail and that he got out of the driving business or whatever., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't really like old movies, either. Stuff with low production value., is it because they try too hard to make you laugh?, No, it's because they don't try hard enough., okay. thanks What kinds of movies do you like?, I really like action movies., Why do you like action movies?, I like the special effects and the fighting scenes., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, I really liked The Matrix., Why did you like that movie?, I liked The Matrix because of the special effects and the slow motion and the science fiction story line., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, I did not like, The Parent Trap, Oh. Why not?, I thought it was boring and not interesting., Ok, then have you seen the movie John Wick?, I have not seen John Wick., Have you heard of it?, I have heard of it, and I I do want to see it because it stars Keanu Reeves., Ok, then have you seen the movie Creed II, I have not seen Creed II, but I just heard about it from some friends who who wanted to see it in theater., Ok, how about die hard, I have seen part of Die Hard., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I just like a movie that is fast paced, and has actions, good cinematography, and a storyline that makes sense. I often like science fiction., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye., Well, goodbye. Tell me what kind of movies you dislike?, I don't really like romantic movies., why's that?, I find them boring and uninteresting, most likely because I don't just don't enjoy them., what makes you feel that way?, I lose interest in a movie real fast. It just doesn't catch my eye so to speak, and sometimes I even doze off. So, I try to stop to watch them., I see. So what kind of movies do you like?, I like more action and science fiction movies., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, I find it interesting science fiction to speculate on the future, and they keep my mind entertained and engrossed in the movie., Great. And what's a kind of movie you're intereseted in seeing soon?, I actually haven't seen the new Spider-Man movie yet that came out a while ago, and I'm interested in seeing that if I get some free time., why's that?, I like Spider-Man. I like the action hero universe., Great. And what's a movie you've seen that you liked?, I really like really older movies. Terminator 2, that was a really good action movie with a great plot., What about it was good?, Great action scenes, the plot also made sense even though there is time travel and other things involved. And it seems like something that could become realistic., Great. Now what's a movie you've seen that you didn't like that much?, Dumb and Dumber. It was supposed to be funny, but I guess it lived up to its name. It was really dumb., Given what you've said i'm curious if you saw Thor: the dark world, I have not, although I want to see it at some point. The lack of time for watching movies is my big problem., I see. Have you seen the Fifth element?, Yes., What did you like?, It was really strange, actually, but I enjoyed the action and the different plots and the visuals in the movie. I think the director did a really good job in framing the shots and making it look spectacular., Wonderful. Thank you so much for your time. You've been a great help What kinds of movies do you typically enjoy?, My favorite are romantic comedies., What do you enjoy about those kinds of movies?, I love the happy ending. I love that it's fun funny, a little bit of romance, and nice and light hearted very easy to watch., Okay that's great. Now what's a movie you've seen that you really liked? Maybe your favorite movie or something that was just fun for you?, You've Got Mail is one of my all-time favorites., Why did you like that kind of movie?, The casting is excellent, and the writing is so great. It's like endearing, but it's also funny. It's also clever. Has some Even though romantic comedies are kind of predictable, there's still some sort of twists and turns that you don't necessarily see coming, so it's a very enjoyable watch. I can watch it at any time, rewatch it, and it always puts me in a good mood., Great. Now can you name for me a movie you didn't particularly enjoy?, Sure, Ugly Truth that's just a bad movie it's a they built it as a romantic comedy but really it was sort of like a gross out of comedy and it was definitely surrounding a relationship but it was just bad. The acting which they had good actors in it but the writing was terrible, the direction was terrible, what they were going for was anything but what a romantic comedy gives off. It was not endearing it was not something, that you root for. And what they made that they thought were jokes were not funny., I see. that's very helpful. Are there any kinds of movies you tend to avoid because of this movie? Or just in general you don't like?, Yes, I do avoid movies with Gerard Butler he's with the stars of this movie and this movie along with a few others have convinced me I just I'm not a fan of his acting. He's not as dynamic as people try to say he is. He's acting is average at best but really he's missing a sort of charisma an on air presence that I really that I can sort of get behind., I see. Are there any movies coming out soon that you're interested in seeing?, Captain Marvel looks good., Why does it look good to you?, I think I like Brie I like Brie Larson, she's a star., I like the, I think that I like a super hero movie so I think I will like this. The action, the excitement, Usually super hero movies have better story lines than regular action movie so I look forward to that too. I don't really know the Captain Marvel story, but I think that will be good., Oh cool, speaking of superhero movies, did you see the Incredibles 2?, I like the first one a lot. It's an animated movie, which can be very juvenile. But this one was very easy to like as an adult. It's just funny and cute, it definitely worked. So, I'm definitely interested in seeing a second one., Okay great, that's very good to know. Now what about Batman v. Superman? Did you see it?, No. The reviews of it weren't good, so it just ended up me being deciding to pass on it. What kind of movies do you like?, I like horror movies., Why do you like those kinds of movie?, I like these kinds of movies because, Keeps me at the edge of my seat makes me, It makes me wonder what's going to happen next. I just love the I just love the killings and the people like getting killed and all that all that type of stuff., What particular movie did you like, Yeah, Jason X. I like Jason X. I like Jason X., Why did you like that movie?, because Jason just looks so powerful when he just He just goes on a mission kill everyone inside a spaceship, so And the way that he kills people is just makes me excited. And I just like how everyone's out to get Jason, but he won't die. He just keeps on returning, and he just keeps on killing people., Just find that amusing., That's awesome, What particular movie did you not like?, I didn't like the movie called Pokémon: The First Movie., What about the movie did you dislike?, I didn't like that it didn't have much of a dialog. It didn't have a plot much to it. Just a bunch of Pokémons Just a bunch Just a bunch of Pokémons getting scared of Mewtoo Just getting scared of Mewtoo and And I just didn't really do It didn't really do much in a It just didn't have much character development, just the same old thing. I think the TV shows were better than the movie than the first than the first Pokémon movie., Just not a fan of it., It didn't really made me feel like wow, this is a good movie. It just didn't make me feel excited about it., Alright, well have you seen The Nun?, No, I've never seen that movie before., I've never seen it. hello, What kind of movies do you like?, I like documentaries., Why do you like documentaries?, What did you like about that documentary?, Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, Yeah, I watched about the first 5 minutes of the Ali G movie. I don't remember the title of it, but it was just absolutely terrible, gut wrenching, just absolutely awful, absolutely awful. I'm not I don't want to watch something if it's that bad, you know. I watched the first 10 minutes. I thought, this is not going to be good, so I just sort of left it at that, even though I love the TV show. It was kind of weird, because I thought it would be a lot better than what it was., I see, Yeah, I see a lot I see that with a lot of movies, too. Like I haven't seen that Amy Schumer movie, the one with her with the alcohol bottle, but I heard that was really bad, as well., How do you feel about the matrix?, I have not seen The Matrix, but I like the I've heard about it so much, but like I've never actually seen it myself. But I hear about like the pills, and like I hear references to it, but I've never actually seen it on TV., Oh. What about Wonder woman?, Wonder Woman, I've never seen, either. But I've heard the TV show is pretty good for the Wonder Woman., What about The god father?, I have seen The Godfather, and that is a good piece of cinematic work. That is really really good. I really enjoyed it., It was really creative and inventive., Gotcha. Thanks for the input today., Take care. Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, Saving Private Ryan, What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I enjoy historical movies, and war movies, action movies, and the first 20 minutes of that movie are some of the most visceral war movie making ever, and the rest of it is just a good story that shot well, and, I think makes you feel what felt like to be in World War II, maybe., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, There's a movie by I can't remember his name now. It's called Spartan., Oh, yeah, It's written by David Mamet., And the reason I don't like it is Mamet is a very stylized writer, and I thought it was laughable what he wrote our house part the dialogue and everything. It was awful., Have you watched the movie The Hunger Games ?, Seen the first one and I think the second one. And they're all right. They're not, I like them fine, but you know, because I stop at two, clearly they didn't There was no momentum that I wanted to finish the series., Anything about this kind of movie that you dislike ?, about Hunger Games, Maybe it's a I would have to really think about that one, but if I had to guess, it was probably because it's a I think it was a PG-13 movie, and I feel like the premise warrants a more of a rated R mature look at the story. , I think it tried to be It undercut its purpose in what it was trying to say about the dystopia by being a PG-13 movie for teenagers, if I had to guess, but, ok. now. Have you watched the movie Dunkirk ?, Yes., did you like it?, I thought the Nolan does really well with sound design and manipulating you through sound and visual, but he broke it up the narrative of it and it was it was unnecessarily hard to follow. It made sense by the end, but it didn't help the story, and I thought it took away from what he was trying to get across. , And he kept taking me out of the movie, whereas some might say even Wright Ryan that is very impassive, I thought Don Cork was the opposite of that except for the sounds and it was shot well. But there is very little character development, I can't name you any other characters or really any of the stories of the characters were., So, I would say I'm kind of in the middle on that movie, but slightly to the negative., Alright. Thank you for the information., You're welcome. Goodbye. What type of movies do you like?, Comedies., okay what do you like about comedies?, That they make me happy when I don't feel like I have any other reason to be happy. They give distract., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, White Chicks, Can you say why you like that type of movie?, It's just a funny, Like nonchalant, non-being too serious type of a movie that I appreciate about the commentary of where we are as a state of Americans., do you like movies like goodfellas?, Yes., what about movies like Alien?, Yes., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't I don't like historical movies., why?, They're boring. I don't care about what happened in the past, I'm here in the future. Those things just have nothing relevant to my life., so you like movies that are relatable?, Yes., okay. thanks, Thank you. What type of movies do you like?, I like horror movies., Why is that?, I just like the psychological parts of it. I like the psychological horrors over the gory stuff., What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies is 1408 by Stephen King. Well, based on a Stephen King book., what did you like about this movie?, Well, everything like like I said it was a psychological horror and you never knew what was going to happen, but it was scary at the same time not just a dramatic but frightening. I like being scared., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like action movies., why?, I just find the scenes boring where they're fighting or chasing., and pointless, have you seen the movie pan's labyrinth?, No., how about the sixth sense?, Yes., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I like the suspense of not knowing what's going on and then finally finding out near the end., okay. what about the movie the babadook?, No. I have not seen that., okay. thank you lets start with some of your favorite kinds of movies, Okay. I like documentaries, drama movies, comedies, I see, why do you like those kinds of movies?, Well, I like documentaries because they're usually informative and provide information on a topic I may not be aware of. I like drama. Just a genre that I prefer. It's always something interesting or something that holds my attention. And I like comedies because they make me laugh., That's great, now if you can help me by telling me about a recent movie experience you've had I'd appreciate it, Okay, my husband and I recently watched White Boy Rick and I found that to be very entertaining and interesting because it's based on a true story., Would you say you like that kind of movie a lot?, Yes., Excellent. Now can we talk about movies you dislike in general?, Sure. Don't really like horror movies or scary movies. They seem to give me bad dreams. Not too big on action movies where everybody's either shooting or stealing cars all the time., why don't you like those kinds of films?, Well horror movies Don't like to think about it. They give me bad dreams. I had an uncle who used to make me watch them when I was a child. And action movies, I don't feel like there's enough of a story line there sometimes. It's just all about what's going on in the movie at that moment, but no real substance to it., THat makes sense to me. It's a fair reason, Okay., Based on what you've said I'm curious if you saw the recent Marry poppins movie, No, I don't watch a lot of children based movies. Animated or I see those movies as more for children. I might watch one with my niece or something, but not by myself., SO you'd consider seeing it if your niece wanted to but otherwise it's not really your style right?, Right., Have you heard of If beale street could talk, which was based on historic instances., I have heard of that, I'm actually interested in checking that out sometime., Why would you be interested in it?, Well, I know the director won an Oscar for Moonlighting. I think that was the name of it. But I like that genre of movie, historical with some fact based stuff in it too. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like thrillers because they leave me on the edge of my sit., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, You Were Never Really Here, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It was pretty intense and the acting was really good., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Frozen, What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., There's too much singing and it's like kids movie., Do you like the movie Split ?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like M. Night Shyamalan, and the acting was really good., Do you like the movie Doctor Strange?, Never seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie Hereditary ?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like horror movies, and the story was good., Do you like the movie The Equalizer 2?, I have not seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, Yes., Would you go see it?, Yes., Do you like the movie Bird Box?, Never heard of it., Do you like the movie .Solo: A Star Wars Story?, I have not seen it., Thank you for your feedback. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like war movies., ok, what about war movies do you like?, They generally seem, more They seem more factual. Like I know they're not necessarily more factual, but they seem less exaggerated than other types of movies that are fictional in nature., got it, can you name a specific film you enjoyed?, I would say Full Metal Jacket., And I like that movie just cuz, well, you know, that kind of points out what I was talking about. Like how Like the first half of the movie is just the the, Soldiers and boot camp, you know, like, There's It seemed pretty authentic to the whole Vietnam War. Like, Yeah., ok, can you tell me what genres of movies you don't like?, I don't really like, Romance movies just because I don't I don't really give in to the whole romance thing. like romantic comedies are one thing, but I'm talking just talking like straight romance. You know, where it's not it's a serious romance film. I don't, I don't know, it doesn't appeal to me. But I'm a guy so I mean I guess I kind of make sense. I'm not really fixated on relationships the same way that a lot of women are that those kind movies appeal to., ok, can you name a specific film you didn't like? it doesn't have to be a romantic movie but it can be, I can't think of any particular movie I didn't like., I mean, yeah. I can't really think of a specific movies. I can think of types of movies, and I can think of You know, but yeah, I can't really think of anything specific., no problem, can you tell me have you seen the movie aquaman, No, I've not. What type of movies do you like?, I like science fiction movies., Why do you like those genres?, Because it's out of this world. It talks about It talks about unusual stuff that happens like E.T., talks about aliens and such and so forth, What's one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies is Space Jam., Do you like movies like The Matrix?, Yeah, I like it., what about movies like Alien?, I've never seen that movie before., What type of movies do you not like?, Let's see, movies I don't like. Crossroads, the movie with Britney Spears in it. I didn't like it because it just, Didn't have much of a dialog. It was just too self-centered around Britney Spears. I didn't like it because of that reason., do you not like musicals?, I don't think I've ever seen a musical movie before. So I'm not really a fan of that., Do you like movies like The Godfather?, Yeah, if I like movies I pick out because there is a lot of action, guns, shooting, violence, yeah. Keeps me on the edge of my seat. So, yeah, it's good., there's also good dialogue too, Yep., okay. thank you. What kind of movies do you like?, I'm not too I'm not too picky about movies, but I like sci-fi or animation, sometimes comedy, but nowadays, comedy isn't as good as it used to be, I don't think. I love action movies and and drama movies. On occasion, a romance movie, but not too much with romance. I really don't care for movies that are medieval type, movies, I don't know, I just never took an interest in like, you know, The Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter, and they're okay but they are not my favorites., Nice, why do you like sci-fi?, I like It's interesting, usually good graphics, good story line. You know, you got stuff like alien movies, and you've got dinosaur movies. You've got Neverending Story and Edward Scissorhands almost, and it's pretty cool, and they're usually good movies to watch, and they they draw you into them., Is there a particular movie that you like?, I like some old movies like The Return to Oz. I like Edward Scissorhands. I like Neverending Story, and that's pretty much it for that genre., Why did you like Return to Oz, It's It's a little bit more scary than The Wizard of Oz. It's unique, and it's different, and and it used to kind of creep me out when I when I was a kid, but I still enjoy it., alright, how about a movie you did not like?, I guess I didn't really care for the Lord of the Rings that much. I think it was It was too much of a hype into it. It was It was good, but it wasn't my favorite, but a lot of people liked it. I just wasn't into that kind of stuff. It's not my type of movie?, Well, have you seen Forrest Gump ?, Oh yes, I have., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, Usually they have a a unique story adventure type that you know I'm not bored, and I'm like not drifting off into like daydreaming or something or wanting to take a nap while the movie's playing. That's usually how I judge if I like it or not., Wonderful thank you for sharing What kind of movies do you like?, I really like romantic comedies., Why do you enjoy this genre and is there a specific film?, Yes. The genre is one that is Well, it's funny. So you're going to have more lighthearted comedy, which is great. You So you kind of come away with a happy ending. It's focused around a romance. It's just a It's a good time. It's lighthearted. It's a really great escape. In terms of a favorite, one of my favorites is called, one of my favorites is called Catch and Release, and that's actually a more That's a romantic Yeah, it's It's different. It's sort of It is a romantic comedy, but it has a little more seriousness to it because at the start of it, it's goes off of following somebody's death, so it's sort of like a quieter movie, and it's not as laugh out loud as a lot of comedies, but it's still very funny. It's humorous I should say. It has very humorous parts and it has really really enduring characters and they are totally rooting for the romance to happen and it's just It really is Even though it started with a death, it's very fun and light-hearted movie that ends fantastically., Is there a movie you dislike?, I really didn't like A Good Day to Die Hard., What makes you dislike it?, So A Good Day to Die Hard is a movie I dislike. That is a action movie, but I usually like action movies, and in fact, A Good Day to Die Hard is part of a series of movies, the Die Hard series. So I thought I thought I would like it, except this one is terrible. It has It does have good technical action sequences, but the storyline is terrible. They don't use the main character from entire series well. , The supporting characters basically just terrible. There's there's there's use of subtitles a lot which is kind of strange given that it's coming in series that's all spoken in English. It's It was really really disappointing. It wasn't a very well thought out movie. And it also very I guess gloomy. Sort of the way was short. It was It was It was, very gloomy. It was really disappointing. It was bad but it was even more disappointing., Have you seen the movie Crazy Rich Asians?, I haven't seen that yet but I really want to., Have you seen the movie The Wife?, No, I don't think so., Have you seen the movie Bridesmaids?, Absolutely., Did you enjoy this film?, I love Bridesmaids., What do you like about it?, You know what? Bridesmaids is funny from start to finish. And they really really nailed the cast. At the time, some of them were kind of more unknown, especially in a movie context. But they really nailed the cast, and even though the movie itself got attention for the true laugh out loud moments, some of the more quieter moments, the sort of humorous, maybe not laugh out loud things were some of my favorite parts of the movie. So But it really, works start to finish. It's a great movie., Have you seen the movie The Shape of Water?, I have not., Have you seen the movie Star Wars?, Yes, of course., What did you think about this film?, Star Wars is iconic. It is epic. I love I love the Star Wars films. It's It's an event. You know, you go It's It's really It really is an immersive experience in a completely different world. But it It's It's a lot of fun. You have to You have to just immerse yourself in it and enjoy the ride., See you later, Bye. when you look to watch a movie, what kind of movie is it usually?, Something interesting and different. It doesn't have to be recent, and I like it usually I'll look at the reviews to make sure that it's not a bad movie that'll waste my time., Do you use things like Rotten tomato scores??, Yes, I do. Yep. And I'd like to get an input from other people, not not movie critics most of the time., okay, do you have a movie or multiple, you like rewatching?, Yeah, I have a few. I like re-watching Back to the Future and the original Ghostbusters and the original Spider-Man., Interesting! those are some older action movies, right?, Yes, they're actually great., how come you like those over the remakes?, The remakes aren't as It feels empty. It feels like the storyline isn't there, like it feels like it compromises in some ways. It just isn't as just interesting to watch. Though that may be because I watched them years ago, and it just seems better than you know, they would be if you'd seen them the first time., interesting! too bad the remakes aren't even better than the originals, that seem to be a trend, doesn't it, Yes., Hmm.. yeah, i agree... okay, let's see.. keeping that in mind, do you have a movie in mind, you really don't like, or not care to watch in the first place?, Well, talking about action movies and superheroes, I really really dislike the Catwoman movie., Wow, catwoman! okay that one is also a bit older. what did you not like about it?, It wasn't true to the original storyline, like how the character was thought out. And they changed everything about it, and just made I think they just made it for the box office. And it just wasn't entertaining at all., Did you read the original comic?, Yes, I did., And it didn't compare to it at all, did it, No, the movie had its own script that was written by like 20 different people, I believe. It was really just wasn't good., oh boy, that is very unfortunate.. maybe also the reason a remake hasn't come out yet, Right, I don't think it will ever come out., Why do you think that??, It was It was universally hated, as far as I know., And it bombed at the box office. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, Fantasy movies., I like fantasy movies because they, They make me see the world from They make me see what's what's beyond planet Earth., can you give me one more reason?, They are educated movies., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Space Jam., Can you give me 2 reasons why you like this movie?, Because it has my favorite player, Michael Jordan in it and it's a it's a it's a feel-good story of good versus evil because trying to get rid of the evilness., One more reason please, other than the actors., It's a basketball movie. My favorite sport's basketball. That's why I liked it. And, Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Movie that I don't like, Pokémon: The First Movie, What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., It didn't have much of a plot., It was the same old characters time and time and after., One more reason please, It wasn't that long, and and there was lack of character development., Do you like the movie The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1?, Yes, I do like it because there's a lot of action in it., One more reason, other than the actions., There's lots of weapons. There's lots of weapons in the movie. I like weapons., Do you like the movie Spider-Man: Homecoming ?, Yes, I do like that movie. It was There was a lot of action in that movie. What kind of movies do you like?, I like historical dramas., Why historical dramas?, I like seeing the costumes and scenery from a different time period., I see. Can you tell me a specific historical drama you liked that i should watch?, I liked watching Elizabeth., what did you like about it?, I liked that it told the story of Elizabeth I., Can you tell me a little bit about it?, It was the story of Elizabeth Tudor, who became the queen of England in 1558., Is there a movie you did not like?, I didn't like Mary, Queen of Scots., how come?, It was made in the '70s, and it wasn't very good production quality., I see. How did you feel about mamma mia?, I've never seen it., what about aladdin?, I liked it., So you enjoy disney movies?, Yes., Gotcha. Thanks for you input, Thank you. Can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I really like comedies., ok, why do you like comedies?, I like to laugh. I like the lightheartedness of it, you know, nothing too serious, a true escape from everyday life. And just puts you in a good mood, and that's how I would prefer to be., got it, can you name a specific movie you really liked?, Sure, Best in Show is one of my absolute favorites., ok, why do you like that movie?, Oh gosh. It's like I'ts perfect. It's a mockumentary style film and they are mocking the dog show world. So, the dog show world that they show is like a carbon copy of the real thing because it's inherently funny, so they don't have to really max with it. And a lot of the player they it there's a script for the movie but it's also ad libed., It's just hilarious. It's so original., So much, so different, and just so funny. It makes you laugh every time you watch it., ok, would you say you enjoy satire?, Yeah., ok, can you name a film you dislike?, Sure, Bounty Hunter., why didn't you like that movie?, It was supposed to be a comedy, and not only was it not funny, it was confusing what they were going for. I think it was miscast., It's Jennifer Aniston and I can't even think of his name, but somebody who I don't really care for. But I do like Jennifer usually, and it wasn't a good fit for her. Neither role really fit the actor, like they were sort of playing against type in both roles. I think it was kind of supposed to be almost like a almost like a buddy comedy, but or Cuz it was really focused on two people, but not really buddies, but they were in conflict. It wasn't funny., It kind of had like a more dramatic feel to it because it wasn't funny. It was just It was odd. Really., was the acting bad?, It wasn't great. It was not great., ok, can you tell me have you watched the movie the shawshank redemption?, Oh, yes., do you like that movie?, It's a excellent movie., ok, what about the movie did you enjoy?, It really has a different feel to it. It's despite them being, you know, prisoners, they create very endearing characters who you rooting for, who you want to see have a better life. It is a You're transported to a different time so you can sort of capture what was going on better., It very moving, it very and and it's very touching which usually does not happen with something that's sort of a prison drama. I don't you ever really view them as true prisoners some of whom shouldn't really have gotten as steep of sentences as they do or like somebody who walks who was there far too long for what it sounded like he was in for and then couldn't live in the real world having been locked up so long. So, it's it's it's a it's just a it's a excellent film., with amazing acting, wonderful direction and it's just It's very special. It it really is. It's it's one of those wonder you look back and you wonder why didn't want to win Oscar. What kind of movies do you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like comedies because they make me laugh., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I like the movie Superbad., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I think the actors in are pretty funny and the plot was entertaining., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I don't like the movie Super Troopers., What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., I don't think the jokes are funny and I don't like anything about it., can you give me one more reason?, It didn't make me laugh., that's like the jokes are not funny. what other philosophical reason do you not like about that movie?, I think some of the jokes are unethical., Do you like the movie Finding Nemo ?, I do like the movie Finding Nemo., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I loved the cute fish in it, and I loved the cute little story., Do you like the movie Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire ?, I haven't seen that movie., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie The Spy Who Dumped Me ?, I did like that movie., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I think Kate McKinnon is funny in it and I like their friendship., other than the actress, what other philosophical reason do you like about it, I like how they changed the spy genre into something comedic., Do you like the movie The Hate U Give?, I haven't seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, No., Do you like the movie The Avengers?, I have not seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, Yes., Would you go see it?, Yeah, I will go see it., Do you like the movie Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again ?, I haven't seen that., Have you heard of this movie?, Yes, I've heard of it., Would you go see it?, No., Do you like the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End ?, I have never seen that, sorry., Do you like the movie The Grinch ?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I like the story that it's based on, and I like that it's such a classic that keeps getting made over and over., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like documentaries, biographies, and horror, like vintage horror movie British., ok, why do you like those types of movies?, I get a sense of nostalgia, and there isn't things flying through the air. And they use real people, real scenes, and no green screen. And there aren't like superhuman powers in the movies. Like I can relate to these movies better because they show real people doing real things, or they're in real houses., got it, you like more realistic movies, Yeah. Yes., ok, can you name a film you really liked?, Tales from the Crypt The Haunting, There's many others. Yeah, The Haunting. The original Haunting that came out in 1963 or '62., ok, why did you like the haunting?, Because there wasn't anything scary in it, but the whole The atmosphere was very scary. It was filmed in a house that was a real mansion. The outside was a real mansion, and the outside house was in a a real estate was a real estate and was used in another movie, horror movie, that was made in the early '70s., It was very suspenseful., great, can you name a film you dislike?, Yeah, the the remake of The Haunting., ok, why didn't you like that movie?, I don't know. It wasn't as good as the first one. The first one was almost like a Hitchcock movie. It was so well done. Nothing ever happened in the movie, but you just there was so much suspense, and you just imagined so much. The movie made you imagine. And the original movie was in black and white. It was just a really good concept, and it was so well done., got it, so the remake didn't have the same qualities as the original, Yes. So, yeah, you could say that. I could tell you another movie that I really liked that I just thought of., sure, It's the house that drip blood that was with Rodney McDowell. It was a British movie and it took place in a real mansion. Like the outside, they showed the real outside. I don't know maybe the inside was the set. But, they also had I think this was the movie that also had likein the beginning it, had the Winchester estate, not the Winchester estate, Churchill Winston Churchill's estate. There was a picture of someone in Winston Churchill's estate. There was a video of someone in Winston Churchill's estate at the beginning of this movie., That That's a real place. They don't make movies like that anymore. The The last documentary sort of miniseries they made was not Brideshead Revisited., Downton Abbey, that was a good mini-series because it was filmed on location, in an estate. What type of movies do you like?, I like dramas., what type of dramas?, Usually, I like more family or friend dramas more so than ones that are sort of tearful., why is that?, I I really appreciate a slice of life drama, but I don't necessarily want to be brought to tears. I don't need it to be a sad I don't know where somebody is has a illness or something like that which can be a lot of focuses of many dramas. But, there are plenty that are more of a slice of life and there're executed really well so it's a very nice It still provides an escape despite, being realist and drama based., What is one of your favorite movies?, But The Usual Suspects is one of my favorite movies., i really liked that movie. what did u think of the ending?, It's still shocking. I I mean it it was so long ago and it's still one of the best executed movies that has ever been where you just did not see the ending coming. It's amazing., What type of movies do you not like?, I'm not crazy about sci-fi movies., because?, Because, Sometimes they are a little too overreaching. They are creating a world, like a maybe a dystopian or futuristic, or some kind apocalyptic world, and so it can become very, very complicated. And some of them are really done well, but the majority of them seem to overreach, and so you have to sort of figure out one part of the movie to like because the rest is sort of a mess., that's very true, have you heard of the movie the greatest showman?, Yes., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, I like musicals. So, that really is basically a musical, and so it really does fall into that category. I like the sort of grandness of what they're going for, and it's a really great cast. Really It's an interesting story but a really great cast., okay. have you seen the movie love actually?, Oh, yes., What did you like about this kind of movie?, That's an all-time favorite, so it is a a romantic comedy. But it's actually I think it's nine romantic comedies in one movie, so it's like nine vignettes put together in one movie. And despite it being split up into so many different stories, every single one feels very complete. You don't feel like it's lacking, so it's a it's a little bit of a longer movie. But it's appropriately long, it's so, fun. So heart-warming and just a a wonderful movie. You could watch it a million times, and it's absolutely great to watch near the holidays., definitely a classic. i liked seeing each story, Yes. Yes., okay. thank you so much, You're welcome What type of movies do you like?, I love action movies, I absolutely love action movies., what do you like about action movies?, Like for instance for the action, you know? I love the action, I love the lines. Lines are always big charismatic lines. They're always super super fun, they can use if you like if you've seen any of the Transformers movies, those lines are lit., do you like superhero movies?, Oh yeah. Yeah, spot on, dude. Spot on. I just loved The Ant-Man on Amazon. I love that movie. Who would have thought an Amazon-produced movie could have been good, right? Well as it turns out, they got us, cuz that's a really good movie., what did u like about it?, I love the the superhero itself. It's such an interesting concept for a superhero, the Ant-Man. The Ant-Man, I mean think about that for a second. Who could have pitched that to a studio and they would have been like, yeah, that's a good idea. I mean, it's such a phenomenal movie, such a phenomenal plot. If you haven't seen it, Go out and see it because it's a really good movie., will do, All right., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, Yeah, I didn't like the Suicide Squad movie. I really I really didn't like that movie I thought that one was like they sold out of it on that one. They just like they are delivering these lines they like I didn't really find good or funny. I don't think the plot was good. Some of the plot like they forced people to appear and you can tell like they are setting up for a sequel like when they say when they say like Well, you can just tell they are setting up for a sequel and then, came out with the sequel, and I didn't go see that, because I thought the first one's worse. Like I'm not going to sit through something so terrible. And it's just the properties too, like none of the actors I'm not saying the actors aren't good or the plot isn't good or the story isn't good, but a lot of that's tertiary to the to the sale, you know?, yeah, i see what u mean, have you heard of the movie Inception?, I've heard of that movie, but I've not seen it. I heard One of my friends talked about he liked it, but I haven't seen it, myself., I heard it didn't age well, but you know, I don't know., what about the movie Batman Begins?, Yeah. Love that movie. Love that movie. Saw it with my now ex girlfriend, at the cinema on 42nd avenue down in Long Beach, and I loved it. Loved it. Loved it., what did you like about it?, Love Robin. hello, Hi., What kind of movies do you like?, I like animated movies., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, Because they make me laugh. It also was, me being me being young again, because I'm currently 28. Makes me feel like I'm young, like I'm 10 or 11, 12., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Particular movie I like, huh?, Billy Madison, What did you like about that movie?, I like that movie is that it's it's a story about a guy who didn't do well in school, but has a second chance at doing better in life by taking school seriously and passing all of his grades that he has to under contact with his dad, and he has to pass all his grades and Even though there's someone that's trying to not make that happen., It's a story about good versus evil so I like it a lot., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, movie I didn't like was Pokémon the first movie., How come you did not like it?, I don't like it because it was too cartoon-ish, the plot wasn't that good., It wasn't that different from the the episodes that I watched. It wasn't really mind-blowing like episodes during the Pokémon series that I had going, so, It didn't leave me in awe or feeling so happy that I just watched it. It just felt mediocre to me., What about Thor, how did you feel about that?, I felt good about movie. It's more like real life. The characters are more like real life not animated like Pokemon the first movie. So So, yeah so much action , good for receival. Yeah, I liked it., what do you like about super hero movies?, I like about superhero movies is they bring out the good versus evil. They want to look for the good person in the movie, good people in the movie. Just action, suspense leaves you on the edge of the seat because you want to know how it ends. You want to know, if the good guys beat the bad guys or whether the result's for real., Yeah, so I like the action., gotcha. Thank you, See you later hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I really like thriller movies., OK. Great. Why do you like thrillers?, They make you think through it all., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, I really liked The Loft., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, It has a lot of back and forth action that's going on that you really aren't ready for, and it just kind of hits you., do you like movies like the matrix?, I love The Matrix., what about movies like Alien?, Alien's pretty good. I like Alien, too., what did you like about it?, It was a different type of action movie, but it was still really good., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't really like horror movies, what is it that you don't like about horror?, I just don't really like the like scared feeling that people get., Do you like movies like The Godfather?, Yeah, I liked The Godfather. I thought that was pretty good., Until next time what kinds of movies do you typically enjoy?, I typically enjoy a lot of documentaries. And I also like mostly comedies. Some thrillers are not that bad. And a little bit of drama., What do you like about those kinds of movies?, How the the writers put into the storylines and I also like, Like especially with documentaries, I like the detail that they go into. The ability to get different perspectives of the people involved. And in actual movies, besides documentaries, the characters being, you know, driven emotionally and physically, sometimes, in certain movies., And just how far some characters can be pushed such as like in The Terminator, the Rocky movies are cool., They're kind of inspirational, so that's about it., I see. So tell me about the terminator. what did you think about it specifically?, Oh, the whole The only one that I I didn't really get into was Genesis because they made John Carter come back and go and go into the future and then go into another time and things just changed around too much, but Terminator 1 was really good cuz they introduced him as a hero, as a bad guy and then Terminator 2 he kind of turned into a good guy and just the the the like the technology they used, how futuristic it was was really cool, Yeah., Great, and do you generally like sci-fi movies like that?, Yeah. I mean, it it just depends. Like I like Spawn., Armageddon was all right. You know, movies with Sylvester Stallone, Arnold Schwarzenegger are pretty good. Jumper, that was a good movie., I see. and what kinds of movies do you tend to dislike or avoid?, I don't like some family movies. I don't like there's a lot of animated movies that I wasn't impressed by besides like Avatar, that was okay. Toy Story was good., Some certain movies that have cell shade, I kind of don't really like that a lot. It's It's not interesting to see that, And some of the newer Adam Sandler movies are kind of not as good as they used to be so, Some comedy movies aren't as funny as they were., What is cell shading?, So, shading is kind of like It's a certain style of animation, then it's like a filtering process of Like if you look at the video game 13 or at the movie A Scanner Darkly. That will mean That That The story telling in that one is pretty good. It's just It's the cell shade style of directing of animation is not I just don't find it appealing., It looks like there's polygons over people's faces., So, it's like a kind of texture., I see. And what's a movie you've seen that you really didn't like?, I guess I'd say Ghost Fighter 2 cuz they really didn't really didn't let him talk the story of it wasn't as good as the first., It kind of just It it didn't expand on, Like emotionally and what was going on and what he was going through so as much as first., Totally, could have been a lot better., I see do you dilsike that kind of movie?, Yeah, those types of movies are just. I mean they could rewrite them better or write them better., Great, thank you. Now I'm curious. Did you see Dr. Strange?, Yep., I saw bits and pieces of it. That one actually seemed to be okay. I just I haven't gotten around to watch a lot of movies like that. Seen Deadpool. Deadpool was pretty good. I like the mixture of comedy. It actually had a story to it. And you know, it was it was violence that was well-accepted, I think. And the overall production was good. But yeah, I have to see Doctor Strange so what kind of movies do you like?, drama, why do you like drama, I like the stories, like a beginning, middle, and end, figuring out what's going to happen., can you name a particular drama movie you like?, The Martian, what exactly is it about the Martians that you like, I like the the main protagonist trying to get through everything, solving all the little problems, can you name a particular movie you do not like?, what about this movie that you dislike?, Just the The acting wasn't great. The story was kind of predictable., do you like the movie Whiplash?, I haven't seen it., How about Thor?, Thor was good. It was fun, what do you like about Thor?, It was kind of goofy. I always like superhero movies, though. Those are usually fun., Do you like Spotlight?, I haven't seen it., What about Jason Bourne?, I saw I think I've seen two or three of them. They were all right., What do you like about them?, Not so much like I mean it's a way to pass the time watching them. They weren't great, just kind of average spy stuff., anything you wish were done differently?, A more unique story will be fun, not you know, spy agency goes after ex-spy., Thank you very much. Good bye., Goodbye. what kind of movies do u like to watch, I like horror movies., why is that, They're scary., i know horror movies are scary, why else do u like them, I like a murder and mystery., in order for me to learn, i need someone who can be more descriptive about why they like the things they like, It's Sci-Fi and I like the special effects., name a movie that fits one of the categories you mentioned, and tell me why you liked that kind of movie, I like Pan's Labyrinth by Guillermo del Toro. It has a bunch of different characters. It's very sci-fi and scary., could you explain more, I like the mystery about it, and it's just the characters are unique very unique., how so, They are just almost bizarre. It's There's a character that has eyes on his hands, and it's just bizarre and weird. And I like it, name a movie that fits one of the categories you mentioned that you don't like, and tell me why you didn't like that type of movie, I like, I like Tim Burton's the Nightmare Before Christmas., why, It has many characters. It has the bogeyman. It has the werewolf, a skeleton, and for some odd reason, it even has Santa Claus., please tell me about a movie you didn't like, I didn't like The Notebook or Titanic., why don't you like those type of movies, The Titanic was very, very long, and it was almost like too romantic. I don't really like romance., have you seen the movie ant man, I have not., how about the grinch, I have I love it., why do u like that type of movie, It's just he was so bitter in the beginning and then again he is just happy. It's like he totally changed from the beginning all the way to the very end. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like many different types types of movies., What kinds of movies do you like specifically?, I like drama, comedy, fantasy, action, superhero, foreign films., Why do you like Dramas?, I like emotionally moving films., Is there a reason you like those kinds of films?, I just think they're interesting, and they give you something to think about, and you can sometimes relate them to your own life., Can you name a drama movie you like?, I liked the film Stealing Beauty., Why did you like the movie Stealing beauty?, I enjoyed Liv Tyler as an actress. I liked the setting of the film in Italy. I just thought it was an interesting story., Alright, how about a movie you do not like?, a movie I a movie I do not like, I can't think of one off the top of my head., Well, have you seen the movie The Incredibles?, I've seen the movie The Incredibles., Did you like or dislike this movie?, I like that movie very much., What is it about this kind of movie that you liked?, I really enjoy Disney and Pixar animation, and I thought it was a funny film. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like adventure movies., Well, tell me why do you like adventure movies, Mostly because it's always a lot of action, a lot of If you're talking about Westerns, there's a lot of horses going around, a lot of gunshots, but adventure and exploring is very important., cool, how about a movie you liked?, I think I like the Mission: Impossible one. It was very very quick and fast-paced., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, I did not like the latest Jumanji movie that came out recently. It was a little lot childish., Ok, then have you seen the movie John Wick?, Yes, I believe I did see that one. That was a very good movie., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I think it's the fast-paced action that's going on that I really like about it so much., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. what kind of movies do u generally like watching, I prefer horror movies myself and also some action movies., why do u like horror and action, I like to be scared and I like be I like to think a lot and I like a good story and a lot of those type of movies that are in horror. Also have good acting because the costumes and such are kind of difficult to buy so I have to rely more on acting., then effects, could u name a specific movie that fits one of those categories that you did like, and why you liked that kind of movie, Let me think., The Houses October Built would be a good horror movie that I like., why did u like that kind of movie, It felt realistic, it was scary but it also felt like it could really happen in the real world. And it also made you think too, and the acting I thought was pretty decent given that it was a low budget movie., thanks for sharing. could u name a movie that you didn't like that fits that category, and why you didn't like that type of movie., have you seen xmen?, The old X-Men that came out several years ago not any of the new not any of the new ones., did you like this kind of movie?, It was okay. Too many Too many special effects. Not enough good acting. Not enough good storyline. what kind of movies do you like?, I like horror movies., what do you like about horror movies?, movie I liked a lot., I like Jason X. I like the movie Jason X., what did you like about it?, What I liked about Jason X was that, Just like the killings are like just kill just just wakes up from a from a He just wakes up from this sleep, and he just kills people, and a machete he uses and blood. Just chasing around civilians inside a spaceship, just the suspense of what's going to happen next., how about the movies that you don't like, can you tell me more?, Movies I don't like, I didn't like the Titanic., what did you dislike about it?, just too much romance, just too much kissing, people trying to get to know each other, there wasn't that much action, just people dying in the water, just some just water overflowing a ship, just, Not a lot of Not a lot of characters in the movie, just a couple of people trying to trying to find love and getting killed in the end., ok, have you seen the fast and the furious?, Some of it. Not all of it. What type of movies do you like?, I like dramas a lot. I think those are the most interesting to me., What's one of your favorite movies?, Apollo 13, What is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well Apollo 13's just a really interesting story. It's one of those movies that if it was made and you didn't know it was a true story, you wouldn't think it was true, just cuz of how ridiculous it is. But it's really neat cuz I like space travel movies, and it has Tom Hanks, so that's always a plus., Do you like movies like The Matrix?, If so, can you say why you like that type of movie?, It's an interesting way to look at the world. It kind of I saw it when I was a teenager. It just kind of makes you think more philosophically and look at the world differently., What type of movies do you not like?, Movies I don't like, I guess foreign films. I don't really like foreign films that much., is it because the plot is not great?, No, it's mostly cuz I don't like reading the subtitles during it, and if it's like dubbed with English voice actors, it just doesn't It ruins the immersion and just sounds terrible, so I can never get into them., okay. thanks hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I like comedies., OK. Great. Why do you like comedies?, I like sort of the lighthearted aspect, not taking itself too seriously. It's a real escape from you know, regular life. Just a a chance to have just a lighthearted moment that can be enjoyable., so i'm guessing you don't like dramas?, I do like dramas. I just don't like them as much as I like comedies., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Sure, like the Wedding Crashers, or Horrible Bosses, Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, Well those are, extremely well cast and the writing is excellent. So, it's not like even though they're hilarious, like start to finish hilarious, they're not completely over the top. Even though they were clearly going for laughs, they there's it's not just like to the point of ridiculous, where they're trying so hard throughout, its too much, so they really balance out the how the movie flows., do you like movies like Bridesmaids?, I love Bridesmaids., It's a great movie. It's very funny., it was pretty funny, What type of movies do you not like?, I really don't like scary movies. Like scary or horror. I'm very selective about the kind of sci-fi I watch cuz those can definitely tend to be scary, as well., you don't like being scared?, Exactly., i understand. i have an overactive imagination, do you like movies like thor?, I love Thor., okay. thank you so much. Bye What kind of movies do you like?, I enjoy action movies and comedy movies., What was the last movie you really enjoyed?, The last movie that I really enjoyed was Star Wars: The Last Jedi., What did you like about it?, The movie was exciting. It had a lot of plot twists. I enjoyed the characters, and I enjoyed the epic scope of the story., What is a movie that you recently watched that you disliked?, See, I recently watched Crazy Rich Asians and I was not a big fan., What did you not like about it?, I could not relate to the comedy. I felt a lot of it was very stereotypical and forced. I was not a big fan of the execution of the movie., Have you seen Black Klansman?, No., How do you feel about the movie Aliens?, I don't know very much about the movie. The topic sounds interesting., Did you like the movie Wonder Woman?, Yes., What was your favorite part of that movie?, My favorite part was the ending of the movie. I felt that it was very well done., Is there anything you didnt like about it?, No, I thought that the movie was very well done and I thought that Gal Gadot played the role of wonder woman very well, I enjoyed the entire movie., Thank you for your input, have a great day, Thanks. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I really like dramas and romantic comedies. And I like them because I can relate to them and they help me escape from the reality of real life., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, I really like The Godfather and Star Wars., What did you like about those films?, I just They were very entertaining. The acting was great. I really got into the movie, and it made me like feel like I was you know, with the characters., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, There, you know I really I really don't like Well, I like science fiction. I don't really like horror movies. I just find them very scary., Is there a specific movie?, I really don't like any horror movies but, The movie that I really hated was It comes at night. It's just really scary., What didn't you like about the film?, Oh, it just wasn't acted that well, and it wasn't very convincing., Have you heard about the movie Fifty Shades Grey ?, I've heard of it, yes., Would you go see the movie?, I might. I haven't seen any of the other movies in that series., What did you like about that kind of movie?, It's like you know? Their characters are interesting and it and it's very enjoyable. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like movies that have a good storyline and artsy flair to them, usually funny., Is there a specific genre you like?, I like I like comedy., Why do you like comedy?, I like comedy cuz it makes me laugh and makes me happy., cool, how about a movie you liked?, I like Superbad., alright, Why did you like that movie?, I like that movie cuz it had a really silly storyline in it, and it was believable and hilarious., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, I don't like scary movies., is there one that you least like?, I least like the movie Hostel., oh, Why not?, Because it was terrifying, and it was very bloody., Ok, then have you seen the movie Inside Out, Yes., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I liked it because it was kid-friendly, and it was cute. It had a good message to it. But I'm not a big fan of children's movies when I'm going to watch a movie., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like dramas and comedies., Why do you like Comedies?, It's nice to escape and watch something light-hearted every once in a while., interesting, is there a comedy movie you like?, I think Bridesmaids is pretty funny., Why did you like Bridesmaids?, It's just goofy and fun., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I'm not a huge fan of action movies., Why don't you like action movies?, There was really no story line to follow, and I find that pretty uninteresting., Well, have you seen The Incredibles?, I have not., How about Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, I have not even heard of that., Then surely you have seen Finding Nemo, Yes, I have seen Finding Nemo., What is it about this kind of movie that you like or dislike?, I'm not a particular big fan of the movie but it's something I like watching with my children and they always enjoy it., Why don't you enjoy it?, I don't find cartoons particularly interesting., Wonderful, thank you for sharing. good bye., Goodbye. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I love documentaries., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, That's a great great question, wow. Right of the bat, smart guy. Hey, I love the fact that they're based in real life. That definitely gives a sense of realism to the film. It makes me feel like I can I can actually go out and change something that was shown in the film, but you probably can honestly. A lot of the documentaries, some of the follow one person's life like Bob in the Trees, but others just follow like generally like the Earth., I give the planet Earth series from the BBC. You have some documentaries that are kind of funny like by Louis Theroux, and I'm really a big fan of usually any documentary on something I haven't seen before., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Oh, totally, yeah. No, totally totally. I'm such a big fan of the movie Miami Mega Jail, it's not such a movie, it's like an hour long documentary, it's sort of movie. It's an hour long documentary by Louis Theroux and it's fair to say that I'm a really really big fan of his. And it was just so funny because there was the one scene I remember there was this guy, describing to him the fights he would get in in prison. And he's like, we fight for shoes in here. And he's like, I want them shoes. And he asked him if he wants to fight, the host of the presentation, he asked him if he wants to fight, and Louie said, "What do you think?" And he just stared at him, and then he got out of there. He He went into the cell with no security. I mean, it was It was It was really really crazy., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Absolutely. Absolutely. I totally understand. I really don't like I mentioned A little before, I mentioned I don't like Marvel movies, but I also just generally don't like action movies. Like I don't know if Transformers I don't think Transformers is a Marvel movie, but I really just don't like that general like action and action type movie. It's just so like It's not plot driven at all. There's no internal, values driving anything. And I totally understand that's fine for some people and some people love that and get enjoyment out of it, but I'm just not one of those kind of people. Like Michael Bay films just never work for me., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Yeah I would say I would say like Fast and Furious 2 especially in the later later Fast and Furious films. Fast and Furious maybe 3, I really didn't like that one. Again, probably I don't even know why I watched it, I had a girl over and like she wanted to see it, I'm like, all right. But it was such a bad movie, you know., Have you seen Supersize Me, I have. I love that film. That's such a good film, wow. Wow. I love Yeah, I love that it's just another Spurlock documentary. He's been really good. I think that's his most famous one though, but he's been really good, especially after that. He's done a lot of good things, as well., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, Take care. What kind of movies do you like?, I like science fiction movies., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, I think they're very different from traditional movies, and I find them to be very interesting., I see. Can you name a particular movie you like?, A particular movie that I like is Aliens., What did you like about aliens?, I really liked how it is different from how traditional nonscience fiction movies are, where there are different features and different uses of technology in movies like the Aliens., Gotcha. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, A movie that I did not like., I think a movie that I didn't like was Twilight., How come you did not like twilight?, I felt like I had an expectation of how the movie was going to be based on reading the books, but it did not really translate to the movie, so I didn't find myself enjoying it as much as I thought I might have., I see. How do you feel about super hero movies?, I enjoy super hero movies. I think that in the past I didn't, but with the more recent super hero movies they have been pretty entertaining and exciting to watch., Did you like Green Lantern?, I felt like Green Lantern was not as good as some of the other super hero movies, but it was not bad either., I see. Thanks for your input today. What type of movies do you like?, I really like action movies., why is that?, Usually the scenes are really exciting, and there's a lot of cool action stunts and just really cool characters, and you don't really have to dive too deep into the message of the movie. You just It's just a lot of fun., What is one of your favorite movies?, I really like Crank with Jason Statham, a lot of fun scenes there and just nonstop action the entire time., What type of movies do you not like?, I really don't like romance movies or like too deep. I just like to sit back and just watch fun themes rather than brewing a lot of emotions and overthinking it., have you seen the movie Inception?, I have seen Inception. Inception was pretty good., What did you like about this kind of movie?, have you seen the movie pulp fiction?, I have seen Pulp Fiction. It's classic. Lots of great lines there, and just really great movie., okay. thank you, Thank you. In general what kinds of movies do you like to watch?, I really like romantic comedies., why is that?, They are sort of fun and happy movies. They have a happy ending. They make you laugh, usually. They're heartwarming,, sort of more of a more of a good natured, so you're not like depressed or anything watching it. It's It's rarely like a sad film. It's usually just something that will make you feel good., I see. is there a particular movie like that you remember?, Yes. Sleepless in Seattle's one of my favorite movies., Can you tell me the things about that type of movie you remember liking?, Sure. Sleepless in Seattle is fantastic, especially because of the actors and the writing. The actors are at this point considered like legends, and although neither one of them really makes this kind of movie anymore, they really were the best at it for well over a decade. And the writing is clever and heartwarming and relatable,, so it all really worked to make really funny films that you can watch. I still Even though that movie's 25 years old, I still watch it almost every year., Got it! Sounds great. ok, now I am going to ask you about a movie in particular, ok?, Yes, okay., have you seen Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, No, I have not. I haven't seen any of the Harry Potter movies., have you seen Interstellar, No, I don't even know which one that is., Avengers: Age of Ultron, Yes., That's a good movie. It is It's a superhero movie and But it's a superhero megamovie where a lot of superheroes are in it. It is good. It is entertaining, but it probably has The Avengers movies are probably are not my favorite superhero movies, strictly because it's such a large cast of characters. So there's a lot going on, it ends up being longer than I wish it would be. But in general, it's an easy thing to watch, and it's at the very least somewhat enjoyable, if not very enjoyable. Sometimes it can be very enjoyable., I see. what else about that type of movie did you not like in particular?, You know, I really just don't like I think the length. It doesn't feel as sort of tight and edited as the better superhero movies are. It just feels like it it's sort of going on. And also that one, the first one too, they can get a little complicated. You know, I think they're trying to offer something completely different, and sometimes it's just not the most simple story line,, and it works against the movie being more enjoyable, All right. Interesting. Are there types of movies you don't like? If so, tell me what about those types you don't like?, Sure. I don't like horror movies. I just don't like scaring myself and got so going to a horror movie is certainly going to do that. I know it's fake and for me to sort of get through it I have to almost tell myself that it's fake which defeats the purpose of going. Most people who like horror films like being scared so I I don't like being scared. It can cause me to have nightmares. So it's just the kind of movie I avoid and it's not something I enjoy., Ok. I can understand that. hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I like action movies., OK. Great. Why do you like action?, I like the high activity, how it's, like, Fast and Furious, how it, like, always is a go, go, go and the action and direction is cool, Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Fast and the Furious, Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like the directors and like how cool everybody is and just like the vibe of how it's shot, and then the writing., Do you like movies like The Matrix?, Yes., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like romantic comedies., why is that?, I don't think it's believable. Like nobody falls in love that way., do you like movies like crazy rich asians?, Yes, I do. I loved it., what did you think of the wedding scene?, Oh I loved it so much. I cried like profusely. Like I just thought it was beautiful. It made me inspired to be to have love., okay. thank you What kind of movies do you like?, I like romantic comedies., Can you name a particular movie you like?, The Wedding Singer, What did you like about the wedding singer?, familiarity with the story made me feel connected to the character, and I was just happy to see myself reflected., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I did not like The Justice League, How come you did not justice league?, It just wasn't like a good movie to me. It was not like, is it super hero movies in general you do not like?, No, just that one. That was just a bad one., I see . can you tell me about a super hero movie you did like?, Wonder Woman, what did you like about it?, That it was female-based and strong characters., got it. thanks for the input, Thank you. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I like horror movies., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Friday the 13th, What did you like about that kind of film?, It was suspenseful and gory. A lot of killing. Many killing. A whole lot of killing., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, You know I don't like sci fi movies. They're too fake, you know?, What didn't you like about that kind of film?, I don't like, They're too fake, you know, not enough goriness to it. Some of it not all., Have you heard about the movie Saw?, Yes., Have you already watched this movie?, Many times., What did you like about this kind of film?, Suspenseful, kind of mysterious., And a lot of killing. Many killing in it. Hi., Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, One of my favorite movies is Dumb and Dumber., What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like it because it's comedy, and it's about a story. It's kind of like a like a comedy and love story about a guy who meets a woman in an in a limousine, finds her finds her briefcase and tries to tries to bring it to her in Aspen, Colorado. So yeah, I just find it It's a feel good story. It's a romantic story kind of, because, Because he's trying to find love by meeting up with her. So yeah, it's also a comedy because they do crazy things. They do laughable things together, the two friends., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, movie that I don't like is Avatar. I had started for like 10 minutes, it was just a bunch of blue blue creatures running around the forest. I just did not I just did not understand it., What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, Just It was too animated., if It didn't have a plot to it. I just saw it for 10 minutes, and it didn't have any plot to it, and, Just Just a bunch of creatures running around., So yeah., Have you watched the movie Whiplash ?, Never heard of it., what about Dunkirk, Nope, I haven't heard of that movie, either., how about The Shape of Water, Oh yeah, I've seen I've seen some of that movie. It's It's about some creature fell in love with a with a human., entertaining, Did you like it?, Yes, I did like it., What is it about this kind of movie that you like the most?, It's a never before seen type of movie. It applies to you. The characters are I like I like it's a movie that I've never seen before., It's full of suspense. That's it., have you watched the movie The Heist, I can't say that I have., what about The Godfather, Yeah, I watched a little bit about that., Reservoir Dogs, No, I haven't watched that movie., how about Spotlight, No, I haven't. I haven't seen the movie., Jason Bourne, Jason Bourne, yep, I've seen that movie. Incredible., I like the action., what else did you like other than the action?, I like that, He's trying He's trying to fight the evilness of of the He's trying He's trying overcome the evil evil characters in the movie. He's trying He's trying to fight for the goodness. It's just a, great character, Anything about this kind of movie that you dislike ?, Um, it may not be proper for young children, because there's guns and violence, Alright. Thank you for the information., Thank you., goodbye hello, What kind of movies do you like?, I like action movies., why do you like action movies?, They're entertaining and the storyline is packed full of excitement., Can you name a particular movie you like?, like Die Hard, The storyline was really good, and I liked the actors., can you tell me about the story line?, It's about kind of a normal guy trying to stop a terrorist from blowing up people., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, Probably Titanic., how come you didn't like titanic?, It just wasn't my kind of movie. I didn't like the actors. Storyline wasn't the best., Its sad., I see. Did you like the incredibles?, Yeah, The Incredibles are pretty good. Classic Pixar superhero movie., I see. Thanks for the input, Thank you. What sort of movies do you like?, I generally like documentary movies., ok, what about documentaries do you like?, I like that they're informative and that they allow me to learn while I'm I I like that I can learn without totally tying myself up with something or, I like that I can learn without tying myself up, so that I can do something else., I really enjoyed the I don't remember what it was called, but the Minecraft about Or the documentary about Minecraft was really good, We are kind of focusing on the guy who created it. What he was doing shortly before, how he created Minecraft, the other people that helped him all that. That was That was really cool movie for me., I don't like horror movies., And particularly, I don't like them because I usually find them to be cliché, predictable, and I I don't know. I don't I don't really enjoy being scared. I already have a lot of anxiety as it is. And while they don't typically scare me, I just I don't like feeling like my anxiety is amplified for the sake of of entertainment., ok, would you say the plot is typically not good in horror movies?, Yeah, generally speaking. I mean, there might be exceptions, but since I don't watch a lot of them, a lot of what I can base my information on is, Over played story lines in those types of movies, you know?, Some bad thing is going after some unsuspecting person. Unsuspecting person traps themselves unintentionally in an enclosed space with this thing. You know, they get killed. Rinse, repeat, until they finally figure out how to beat it or escape. And yeah, it's just, got it, can you name a particular movie you didn't like? it doesn't have to be horror but it can be., I don't remember what the last Saw movie was. I think that I saw it was like four or five. It was just I didn't really care for that. Just cuz, like, I like the Saw movies, I got into it when it first came out. It was really cool cuz it was like, hey, here's a movie that's centered around not not necessarily scary like somethings watching me or hunting me, but like people stuck in these crazy fortress positions. I thought it was kind of cool but by like the fifth one, it just started to get stale. It was like you know, it was like any other horror movie. It just went completely over the top, but instead of over the top cliche, instead of over the top cliché, You know, still basically the same tired plot. People are trapped in a room, they have to decide to torture themselves or they won't get out. And I think it just became, "Oh, we're just going to torture them anyways., You know, I just Yeah, I didn't really care much for it. hello, What kind of movies do you like?, I really really like horror movies. They're my favorite genre., Why do you like horror movies?, I like horror movies because I like to be scared, but I don't like being in danger, so it gives me that feeling and the adrenaline of being scared without actually being in any sort of danger in real life., I see. Can you name a particular movie you like?, I just went and saw The Nun at the movies the other night, and I really liked that movie., Cool! What did you like about that movie?, I liked the story behind it. I really like scary like religious demonic type of movies, and I also liked that it had a lot of jump scares. It kept me scared the whole time, and the visuals in it were really good, too., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I didn't like any of the Die Hard movies or the actiony movies like that, I don't like., How come you did not like them?, I don't really like action movies. My husband watches them all the time, and I just can never get into them. I don't like watching guys shooting at each other. It just never has captured my interest., Gotcha. How do you feel about marvel movies, like thor?, I'm not a big fan of Marvel movies. I've never really liked the superhero stuff. I will watch them once, like because my husband might want to, and sometimes there's really good visuals, but I'm not a big fan of the story lines., Is it just the story line, or is there other things you dislike?, No, it's pretty much the story line, it's just I I don't feel like not that the story are told well, it's just not the kind of story that I'm into., I see. Thanks for your input today, You're welcome. What type of movies do you like?, I like war movies., what do you like about war movies?, Well, I like the action, the fact that the stories are usually based in reality., can you think of one of your favorite movies?, Saving Private Ryan, how is it one of your favorites?, I don't remember specifics, but I do remember watching it a while ago, like quite a few years ago, and I really enjoyed it. The actors were good., What type of movies do you not like?, I don't like drama movies., why? because they're boring?, That, and because I already have enough problems in my life. I don't want to deal with anybody else's., have you watched the movie Deadpool?, I watched part of it, I wasn't really entertained., What did you dislike about this kind of movie?, I don't know, I just felt like it was a bit overrated, and I didn't really care for it., okay. thanks Do you like movies like Star Wars; or........... Trainwreck or............. Spotlight, Yeah. I like movies like Star Wars a lot. I like Sci-Fi movies in general., Okay. what is it about this type of movie that you like the most?, I think it's neat getting to see all the creative ways people come up with to use technology and just the different ideas they have about what could happen in the future., what......else?, I also think they usually have interesting stories cuz there's usually alien races or different types of people, so it's just me getting to see the different perspectives of those races., anything about this type of movie that you dislike?, They can be kind of generic. Like just, they can feel very same-y. If it's a bad sci-fi movie, you can tell there's just standard sci-fi tropes that get annoying., alright. now what the other 2 movies Trainwreck or............. Spotlight, I've never even heard of those movies, so I don't know., Do you like the movie Thor or........ Good Will Hunting, I like Good Will Hunting., What is it about this type of movie that you like?, And I tend to like more drama and serious movies and also that's Robin Williams in it. And I like most movies that Robin Williams is in., anything about this type of movie that you dislike?, Honestly not really that I can think of of the top of my head., what about the movie Thor. Do you like that?, I'm not a big fan of comic book movies, so no., Alright. Thank you for the information., Yep. What type of movies are you interested in?, action movies, Is there a specific title that you like?, I really like John Wick., What about John Wick interested you?, Really good fight scenes and the story was really good for an action movie. And it was pretty dark., I can definitely see why that would be appealing, Are there any type of movies that you don't like?, I'm usually not a fan of just comedy movies. Most of them are pretty bad, so I just usually avoid all of them., Is it because of the story writing?, Yeah. And the jokes are usually old and done in every single movie., So do you feel the jokes lack originality, Yes., Is there any specific title that you're not too fond of?, comedy movies particularly, Can't think of any off the top of my head now., Have you seen Dumb and Dumber?, Oh god, yes. And that is horrible., Why did you find this movie horrible?, The characters were annoying and extremely awkward and the jokes were weren't good and I mean they weren't about fart jokes at this price., I can definitely see why you didn't like it, Thank you for that! What type of movies do you like?, I like comedy and documentary-type movies., OK. Great. Why do you like documentaries?, Well they're usually informative and that's always a nice thing, I like learning. Yeah., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite documentaries?, I believe it's called AFK. It was about The Pirate Bay. I think it was, like, about how it came to be and, like, the legal issues that it faced, etc etc., do you like movies like Christopher Robin?, Don't really know what that is., what about movies like Star Wars?, No, I don't like Star Wars. I never really got into it. Not really sure why, either. I guess I'm just not into the whole outer space thing., What type of movies do you not like?, Well, most movies probably drama., why is that?, Because I have enough drama in my own life and I don't need more drama through my entertainment. I prefer to escape from the problems I have in life not embrace them even more. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like movies that's not boring to watch., So do you like action movies?, Yes, I like action movies., How about thrillers?, Well can you tell me why you like thrillers?, I like thrillers because they're exciting to watch., Alright, what is your favorite movie?, My favorite movie is Home Alone 2., ok why did you like that movie, I like that movie because it shows how a little boy defeated a bunch of robbers single-handedly, with nothing but his wits., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, I don't like, I don't like I don't like zombie movies., Is there a specific zombie movie you did not like?, zombie movie let's say World War Z, Why did you not like world war z, Ok, then have you seen the movie Deadpool, Yeah, I I saw it. I've seen it., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I like that. Probably there's a a lot of action in. It was all It was all about fighting bad people. He was He was the superhero., And it was funny., Yeah, it was enjoyable to watch. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like dramas quite a bit., ok, what about dramas do you like?, Usually the story, they're interesting. And it's easy to get involved with them. Just cuz it's an important story, it's not just mindless action or just something that doesn't matter., got it, can you name a specific film you enjoyed?, Shawshank Redemption was really good., what about shawshank redemption did you like?, ok, can you please tell me what genres of movies you don't like?, I'm not a big fan of war movies., what about war movies don't you like?, I just generally don't think they're that interesting. There's a couple exceptions. Like I really like Saving Private Ryan. But most of the other ones I've seen just aren't that interesting. And it just they all kind of blend together and feel the same. And I just never get attached to anything that's going on., ok, can you name a film you didn't like? it doesn't have to be a war movie but it can be What kind of movies do you watch?, I really like teen movies., Do you have a favorite Teen movie?, My favorite is probably She's the Man., What did you like about that movie?, It's actually It's It's really fun to watch. It is actually a take off of a Shakespeare novel, and so the lead character is undercover impersonating her twin brother, and basically falls in love with another student who doesn't know that she's posing as a guy. And it's just a lot of fun. The actors are extremely likable., At the time, they were somewhat unknown. Amanda Bynes, who was the star, was not unknown, but the male lead, Channing Tatum was very unknown at the time, who's now a superstar. And it's just It's It's a lot of fun. The friends are a lot of fun. It's just sort of entertaining and sort of harmless fun, I guess., Do you like the movie She's All That?, I do like the movie She's All That., What kind of movies do you not like?, For the most part I don't like scary movies or like horror movies. Some sci-fi doesn't work for me., What do you not like about Sci-Fi movies?, I don't dislike all sci-fi movies, but it's kind of particular which ones I like. I think the storylines can get very very complicated in a way that's almost unnecessary, like they should channel their focus more into one aspect or three aspects instead of you know, trying to tackle 20. And then sometimes I think about sci-fi, it's just you have to really stick the landing in the movie and, If you don't, it's like a really It just doesn't come off well. So because it's such a It's sort of a concept movie where it's not It's not based in reality, there's a lot going on. When it's lacking, the whole thing falls apart. So if it doesn't come together on almost every way the way other movies don't need to, maybe there's a bad character, a plot point that doesn't really make sense, but it's no big deal. In sci-fi, it has to all work, In order for it all to make sense and for the movie to be good, because already you're all in a alternate reality., What movie did you last watch that was disappointing?, Any movie? I mean, last I could tell you a sci fi movie that's disappointing is Thirteenth Floor. That's terrible., But if you're talking about any movie in general that was bad I recently watched A Good Day to Die Hard and that was not good., Have you seen Ant Man?, I have., Did you like or dislike that movie?, I liked the Ant Man. It was surprisingly good., What was one thing that made you like the film?, The lead actor Paul Rudd is fantastic in it. It's Really suits him., Have you seen Searching?, No., Have you seen Aladdin?, Yes., What is something you did not like about that movie?, Aladdin's a good movie. I guess, I didn't sort of like the Villain in Aladdin as much as I have in other Disney movies, but in general it was a good movie. What kind of movies do you like?, I like documentaries., Why do you like those type of movies?, cuz they're about things that happen in real life and I'm interested in stuff like that, like, I like non-fiction books for similar to to documentaries., Are there any particular documentaries that you like?, I like documentaries about nature. I also like documentaries about artists, filmmakers, painters, things like that., Is there a specific movie that you liked?, No., What type of movies do you dislike?, I don't like horror movies., Is there any particular reason why?, Cuz they scare me. They They give me bad dreams., Have you seen Thor?, No., How about Jurassic World?, Nope, haven't seen that, either., Are there any new movies that you have seen recently?, Let me see, I saw Deadpool 2 recently., What did you enjoy about it?, I like the sense of humor and the action. Hello. I’d like to discuss your movie preferences. Ok?, Okay. Sounds good., What kind of movies do you like?, action movies and science fiction based movies I guess., Why do you enjoy this genre and is there a specific film?, I like the world building, and science fiction, and being able to kind of go to a different place in time, or or the imagination that's in it. I like The Matrix., Is there a reason why you enjoy that movie?, That combines the science fiction and the action I guess and it's, It does a really good job of storytelling within that., Is there a movie genre you dislike?, I sort of don't like I guess documentaries to an extent cuz, Or some documentaries cuz I find them kind off dry and they maybe remind me too much stuff I saw in school., Is there a specific documentary you dislike?, Hm., Coming up with names is difficult., Maybe any of the ones I've seen or what the History Channel used to show. The very dry black and white footage with the very kind of monotone British announcer guy., At least, that's what I think of when I think of bad documentaries., Have you seen Searching?, No. Is that one where it's all on the computer screens?, Have you seen the movie Jason Bourne ?, Yes. One of my favorite series., What makes you enjoy these films?, I like the director, Greengrass, and the actor, Damon, and I think they're just distilled down to their pure best parts of what an action film spy film is., Have you seen the film Frozen?, The Disney animated thing? Yes., I don't remember anything but the song, and I think that's just because it was played everywhere or talked about everywhere., Did you enjoy it?, Well, I don't remember much about it but, It was all right. I tend to enjoy the Disney animated films as much as anyone else. They're kind of hard not to like I guess., What makes you like them?, They all kind of have the same formula I guess of the underdog or somebody making something right or making a wrong right. And they have good comedy and I'm in music I guess thing's pretty much universal appeal., See you later, See you later. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like I like comedies quite a bit. I think I think they're underrated., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I mean they're just fine and you can laugh and have a good time and the subject matter is light and, you know, it's generally just about see seeing some funny., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Well one of them that I think is funny is the movie Hot Rod., Yeah. It's just It's just so ridiculous, right? So, there is like this crazy fighting between a father and son, and it's really over the top, and silly, and you'll just never even think that would that you would see something like that in a movie, and I'm just laughing thinking about it., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, You know lately I'm not really a big fan of documentaries. I was one time but now I feel like they are all so similar., Have you seen Forrest Gump?, Yeah, I saw Forrest Gump. Lot of memorable scenes from that movie., What did you like or dislike about this title?, You know, I thought it was I thought his character was a little bit one dimensional. But there were a lot of cool kind of iconic images from history that they that they spliced him into and I thought that was kind of neat., Thank you for your time and have a great day! Bye! What kind of movies do you like?, I really like science fiction and action movies a lot., what do you like about these kinds of movies?, They are interesting to see what things they come up with and how they think the future will look., is there any particular movie that you've liked a lot?, Yeah, really liked Back to the Future which is an older movie, but I thought it had a great plot with an interesting premise., what did you like about it?, I thought the story of a mad scientist and time travel was interesting and something that you could feel could really happen., nice. how about the movies that you don't like, can you tell me more about them?, Yeah, any movies that are boring and that are long winded, so to speak. So anything that is boring. I guess romantic movies fall under that. I just think they're boring., can you name a movie that you didn't like at all?, A recent one? Dumb and Dumber, I didn't like. Just wasn't interesting and it wasn't funny at all. It didn't make me laugh., what did you dislike about it?, It just felt like they kept recycling the same joke and and and there was really no plot in it. I thought at least it would make me laugh which it didn't., have you seen the fifth element?, Yes., did you like this movie?, Yes. I thought it was really great., what did you like about it?, The storyline was really interesting. I loved the characters and character design and the the movie itself Like it was All the props and everything was really realistic. would you mind telling me about the kinds of movies you like?, I like movie I like comic hero movies, I like action movies., I like terrorist-attack movies., I like movies about zombies or movies regarding viral infections., Why exactly do you like those?, Cuz they are exciting, and you never know what's going to happen when there's a large disaster. Or the a zombie movie there is a lot of excitement and you have thousands of zombies some times chasing people, and it's super exciting., Great, now what's a movie you've seen that you really liked?, I liked Zombieland., or World War Z, Why did you like Zombieland?, Because, it had zombies and it was super funny as well., It's very interesting., There was a lot of action and it also had comic comical moments., Oh, like what?, Just the different ways that people died and things like that sometimes were funny., Cool, thanks, and what kind of movies do you tend to avoid or dislike?, animation films, sometimes they are boring, why do you think that? What makes an animation film boring to you?, It depends on a film, but I like I like films that are more realistic and have more realistic effects., I see. What's a movie you saw that you disliked?, Pulp Fiction, why is that?, Cuz, I found it very stupid, and I didn't like how it was made. I found out it was unrealistic, and it was and sometimes it was just It wasn't very as funny as many people made it out to be., I see. I didn't think pulp fiction was supposed to be funny. I thought it was an action flick, Yeah, that's that's true. Pulp Fiction was was a pretty drawn in action flick, but I just was not a fan of it. It was I thought it was more popular and overrated., I see. Does a film being popular make it overrated to you, No. If it If it has the right If it has the the right concepts, and it is enjoyable to me, it doesn't matter to me if it's popular or not. But if it's popular, and yet it has bad reviews, that makes it over overrated. Or if there's a lot of people that don't like the film, but it has a high box office, that makes the film kind of overrated., Okay... now I'm curious. Did you see the movie inception?, Yes, I thought it was very interesting. I liked how it had so many different You couldn't really find It was very confusing to find out what was real and what wasn't real. And you didn't know when it was false or not., Really, that's interesting. Why else did you like it?, Because of the concept of you're in a dream within a dream., Cool. Did you also see Batman: Dark Knight Rises?, No, is that a good movie?, I hear good things and bad things about it. I was just curious since it's a gritty action movie and that's what you seem to like, Yeah, I love gitty action movies. what kind of movies do you like?, I like movies such as like Schindler's List, Shawshank Redemption, basically anything that's drama, that's like based on a real story is interesting. I like you know, action movies. I like comedies, and you know, movies like Titanic., what do you like about these kinds of movies?, Well, I like that they're like based on realistic ideas and that the story like happened in real life. I like the acting usually, I like the scenery, I like how everything is very convincing and realistic., so you like serious movies?, I do like serious movies., nice. can you name a movie you liked?, I like movies like like the Titanic, and I loved E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial that's a fun movie, and Forrest Gump., what did you like about these movies?, I just like the storylines, the the acting, that you know couple of the movies are like based on real things as well, like real life happenings., nice. how about the kind of movies that you don't like?, Movies that I don't like are usually ones that have really bad acting that are like kind of goofy, that are just like kind of silly and stupid., so you're not a fan of cheesy comedies?, Not at all. Don't have time for cheesy comedies., what do you dislike about them?, Well, they're usually, you know, small productions, they're not well made, the acting is terrible., can you name a movie that you did not enjoy? can you tell me what types of movies you like?, horror. action, adventure, comedy, ok, what about those genres do you like?, I like them. I don't know what to say., they're funny, excitement, ok, can you name a specific film you liked?, Halloween 2018, what about that movie did you particularly enjoy?, It was a nice reboot and nostalgia to the franchise. And overall, and it was just enjoyable., got it, can you tell me what types of movies you don't like?, documentaries depending, romantic comedies, what about documentaries and romance movies don't you enjoy?, I don't know, can't think of anything off the top my head., Find them boring and cheesy, not fun to watch., Just not interesting in general., ok, can you name a move you didn't like? it doesn't have to be a documentary or romance movie but it can be, The Pink Panther., ok, did you find the movie to be boring?, Yes., got it, can you tell me have you seen the movie black panther?, No., how about jurrasic world: fallen kingdom?, Yes., what did you think about that movie?, It was okay. Not bad but not good. What kind of movies do you like? Any specific genre?, Comedies are one of my favorites., Is there a movie you can name that you really liked?, Sure. Best in Show is one of my all-time favorite movies., Don't think I've seen it. And can you tell me what you liked about those types of movies?, Sure, that is a Best in Show as a mockumentary style movie and it is from Christopher Guest, his other ones are fantastic as well like Waiting for Guffman. And they are all sort of trying to stay true to what they are in mocking but also trying to have a comedic turn. So, this one is a dog show and is just hilarious it is it does really, as like the Westminster Dog Show, but with the humor attached in of all the owners and the dogs and the people running it, and how serious it is, and just it's hilarious. It's sort of the There are movies that have like a cult following. The acting is fantastic. There's a lot of improvisation with the script. It's much more original than a typical movie. But they're fantastic movies., Sounds funny! I'll add it to my movie queue. Okay Google, add Best in Show to my Movie queue. Done., You should, Perfect, now that I know what movie you like, can you name one you don't like? What would be last on your list?, Like Dude, Where's My Car?, that was terrible., What about that kind of movie didn't you like?, It's a comedy and it knows it's dumb, but it's too dumb. So it's the The script is limited at best, where they're saying you know, "Dude, dude, dude." constantly, and it's just It's sort of like in the vein of like a Dumb and Dumber or Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. It's Like you know what they're going for, but it's just too dumb. The other two are too dumb for me, too. Just very simple and not, harmful and you can actually watch it, but it's just not a good time. It's just It's just so simple and really when you look back the actors that are in it are too good for that kind of sort of simplistic scripts., You don't like quantity of laughs over quality of laughs. Does that sound right?, It does., Perfect. By any chance have you seen Thor? It's action adventure with some comedy., I absolutely have seen Thor., Did you like it?, Yes, I really like Thor., What did you like about it?, It is The action is good. The You know, the lore that they're creating is interesting. The romance between Thor and Jane is very good, and it has lighthearted moments, like you said, and those really work, and they do work to sort of break up the different moments of There's parts in Jane's life that are a little lighthearted, and parts in Thor's life with his, his friend, so there's there's definitely It's a good balance., chris hemsworth who plays thor is pretty gorgeous as well., It doesn't hurt, he really is gorgeous., Have you seen Wonder Woman? Similar, but not as funny., I have not seen Wonder Woman yet, but I expect to like it when I do., And I didn't think it would be that funny but it's okay I do like action adventure quite a bit., Have you seen Bridesmaids? It's not action, but it is pretty funny., I I have definitely seen bridesmaids and I love bridesmaids., And why's that?, It is a very funny movie, really well written, the execution of it is top notch, it was well cast. At the time the entire cast was not like a famous cast, but they were really perfect for their roles, so it really worked and they really worked together. And it was Definitely at the time, it was definitely a little more original that they were taking that they were doing that kind of movie, women, so that was nice. But, it's just a It's a good time. It's a You definitely laugh quite a bit, and you just I think you come away liking everybody in it., Thanks so much for your input! It's been very well descriptive! it Helps tremendously., Ok, no problem. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like comedies and epics, like Lord of the Rings., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Lord of the Rings: Return of the King, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I really like all the cool fights in it. I like Frodo as a character. He's really interesting., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, How about, Glow or whatever that movie was with the girl figure skaters, What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I don't like the chick flicks. The humor doesn't really do it for me, and it's just really boring. The pacing is really bad., Do you like the movie Forrest Gump?, Yeah, that's a great movie., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like that it's pretty much every kind of movie in one and the story was really engaging., Do you like the movie Pulp Fiction?, Yeah., Yes, I do., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like I like the different stories that they follow and the cliffing ending and I really like John Travolta's acting in it., Do you like the movie V?, I'm not sure what that movie is., Do you like the movie Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald?, No, Why do you dislike this movie? Please give 2 reasons., I really don't like the Harry Potter universe. It's dumb to me, and it was way too long for what it was., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., You, too. Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, One of my favorite movies is Remember the Titans., Great! now. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like it because it's a sports movie., and what else other than being a sports movie?, I like that, it's funny., what else?, I like the music that plays in the movie., what is it about sports movies that you like the most?, I like sports movies that are true stories rather sports movies that watch true stories., what else?, Honestly, I like sports movies because I love sports., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, I dislike the movie Chucky., What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, I dislike this movie because is a horror movie, and I don't like horror movies., Can you tell me more about that please?, I dislike horror movies because they're really dark, and there's usually a lot of blood, and they're generally scary. I'm not fond of scary movies., now Have you watched the movie The Godfather ?, Yes, I have watched the movie The Godfather., did you like it?, I did. Yes., what is it about this type of movie that you like the most, I like it because it is a mobster movie. I like I also like movies that are from that time period that revolve around like the mob and stuff like that., Anything about this kind of movie that you dislike ?, Sometimes I dislike the the language that they use. Sometimes there's a lot of cursing., other than that anything else?, No., Alright. Thank you for the information., Goodbye. I'd like to discuss your movie preferences., I like musical movies., They transform me into a world that I didn't know existed, and it makes me peaceful, happy, and like I believe that I can do anything I want., The Wizard of Oz, what did you like about it?, It made me believe in the ever-after in another word that I have just dreamed about., I did not like scary movies like Screams. Scream was not one of my favorites., what did you dislike about it?, It was just really scary, I don't like people dying in films., so you don't like horror movies?, No., have you seen avatar?, Yes., did you like it?, No., I thought it was long, and just like I didn't like the animation. Just was boring to me., have you seen cinderella?, Yes., what did you think of it?, Loved it., why, I like, The fairy tale-ness made me believe in like happiness and just like the colors was good., great What kind of movies do you watch?, I watch fantasy and fiction., Why do you like those movies?, It just it takes to a whole another world and you get to live a life that you can never live in the real world and that's just amazing and incredibly interesting., What was the last movie you saw that you liked?, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, What did you like about that movie?, There was a menacing evil that was taking control and it looked like a losing situation and heroines were fleeing for half the movie until they figured they finally got the courage to strike back at the evil and defeat it., I mean that that that one did., What kind of movies do you stay away from?, I stay away from romantic movies., About love and stuff and that's the core idea., What do you not like those movies?, I just don't think like love is that interesting. It's boring and that's all they're talking about., Have you seen The Dark Knight Rises?, I have. Many years ago., What did you like about that movie?, The action was good. I think the theme was pretty good. The villain was compelling Mr. Baine., It was a pretty decently composed movie., What did you not like about the movie?, It was long, and it didn't need to be that long, and I just don't, It wasn't I guess contiguous like plot where you kind of like you are excited the whole time or, you know, like things slow down and you feel good and then ramp up. But it's like it's boring for lots of part many parts of the movie., Have you seen The Purge?, Yeah, I've seen most most Purge movies., What do you not like about The Purge movies?, I I think they're not that well done. It's like it's not that scary. A lot of the acting doesn't seem super believable as the line. There's a whole lot that I don't like about this movies., Thank you for your input, have a great day What type of movies do you enjoy?, I enjoy scary movies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They scare me and I love being scared., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, I do like Child's Play. I've been watching a lot of that lately. I love Chucky., What did you like about this movie?, It used to scare me a lot when I was a kid. And yeah, I Just a very nostalgic movie for me., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Romantic movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, I don't know, I just think it's kind of cheesy in the in the wrong way., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Have you seen Black panther, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I love the action, I love the story, I love the characters. It was funny and a fun ride. What kind of movies do you like?, I really like teen movies., What is it about teen movies do you like?, Teen movies, especially the ones that I like, are usually like mini romantic comedies or mini comedies. So almost always they're comedies, and because they're high school based, they are or high school age based, it's a simpler time in almost everybody's life, so the movie is very focused, and it's much more contained, and it's in some ways easier to get right, so there are a decent number, of good ones for that time period. It's They're usually fun. They're usually easy to watch. They're usually lighthearted and funny, so it really works on all around., Well, which teen movie did you like?, 10 Things I Hate About You is one of my favorites., What is it about that movie did you like?, 10 Things I Hate About You is actually a more sort of deeper teen movie than it's typical, which is good. So, they they it's actually based of a Shakespeare's play. So, it has a little more to go with it. The writing of the movie is really good, very funny, both appealing to sort of younger and a little bit older. And the acting was, across the board. At the time that the the actors were known to people like me who were younger and followed who had seen a few movies with some of these people in it, but later on, almost every one of the people in this movie has become a huge star., OK, well how about a movie you did not like?, I didn't really care for Superbad., What is it about Superbad did you not like?, Superbad was sort of a it was a comedy. It was a teen comedy that was fairly height as being great and you saw Turner commercials for it and everything and upon seeing it it was really a lock down. I think the funniest lines were literally in the commercials and that's what it had in it. It had a couple of funny lines. I think the the overall There we funny things in it but as a cohesive movie it didn't work so it was not, all funny, it just had a couple funny lines in it. It had good actors, but they weren't used all that great. It was a very stilted and extremely Despite being a teen movie, they don't usually come off quite as juvenile. This came off juvenile., wow, ok, have you then seen Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince?, No. I haven't seen Harry Porter movies., Have you heard of them?, Oh absolutely., Yes. I have heard of them., Would you want to see Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince?, No, not particularly., Have you seen then Ready Player One, Yes., What is it about Ready Player One did you like or dislike?, I like that it is a good mythology, so it's based of of a book. So, I really like movies that are based of of books. It is a good way to It's a good base to build the movie of of because sometimes a story a script can me underwhelming in that end and a book is always going to have more details than a movie so, There's a lot to build off of. So in that way, I think it worked. It is not my favorite movie, but I like what Steven Spielberg was going for. It has a good deal of fantasy and imagery in it, so it worked. It was It was very well directed, it just wasn't my favorite content. But I never I didn't go into it expecting to love it., So you like kinds of movies base off of books?, I do., Ok, thank you for sharing, have a nice day, No problem. Thanks. You, too. Can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like comedies and I like historical movies., Great, what about historical movies do you enjoy?, You know, usually we really love histories like especially history that happened before film was invented. We read about it in books and I really enjoy being able to see it brought to life in a movie., So you like learning new things and being able to put an image to some of those events. Is that right?, Exactly. Exactly., I see. Can you tell me a movie you really like?, Dunkirk, I haven't seen that one. What did you like about it?, The the costumes and actually everything. The setting was very true to the time period and had really good acting in it. I like Mark Rylance, and I like Kenneth Branagh., OK. Now, tell me about the types of movies you don't like., Types of movies I don't like. I don't like movies like the Jackass movies, not my cup of tea., I see. Are there any other types of movies you don't enjoy as much?, No, I can't think of anything else., Alright, and what about those particular ones you named do you dislike?, Oh, Jackass To me, Jackass was just really boring. It was just It was just boring. It was dull. It wasn't funny or cool or interesting to me., Nothing to really learn from those, huh?, Yeah, exactly., Have you seen the new movie A Star is Born?, No, I I haven't seen it and I would like to see it., What about Mamma Mia?, Haven't seen that, and I think that would be a fun one to see, also., If you like musicals, you'll enjoy it., Okay. Thanks for the recommendation., Have you seen any new movies lately?, Yeah, I saw Venom., And what did you think about that one?, It's okay. I like Tom Hardy, but I felt the plot was a little I thought the writing wasn't as good as could have been. Could have been a little better., I was disappointed., Oh, no! Sorry to hear that., It's okay., Well, thanks for being such a good sport and discussing your movie preferences with me today., Sure thing., Have a great day!, You, too. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like critical clean documentaries., What do you enjoy about them?, I like how they highlight the humanity of real life in giving me a window to the real things that are going on in the world that I don't know about., What specific movie from that genre do you enjoy?, I liked the new Mr. Rodgers movie. It made me cry much., What did you like about that movie?, It just showed how good he is was as a person, as a man, and how he helped everyone in the world become better people, to always strive to be good people., I can see the appeal in that, Yeah, it was great., Are there any type of movies that you dislike?, I don't like horror movies., What do you not like about it?, They are scary to me and they just don't represent a reality that I want to believe that's real. I just would rather it be fake and just like not even come to life as a real thing., It definitely is a frightening thing, Is there a particular movie that you dislike?, Yep., The Ring, What do you not like about it?, I don't like how it could be something that could really happen in real life and that it just was like really demonic and witchcraft stuff that I just would like to believe is not a real thing., Have you seen the movie Frozen?, Yes., I love Frozen., What did you like or not like about it?, I love Frozen. Frozen was like uplifting sisterhood family kind of a like like real life show that just highlighted the powership of women, of sisters, and a bond of staying together, and I love that part of it., I love the music and the costumes., Definitely see why you enjoyed it, it was a big craze for a lot of people, Yep. Loved it., Thank you for your feedback, See you later, Thank you. Bye. What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedy a lot., Why do you like those kinds of movie?, They are entertaining and funny and they just make you feel good when you're feeling down. And they're really fun to watch with a group just cuz everyone is having a good time and they're also very quotable. I guess they'll quote comedies from years ago., That's awesome., What particular movie did you like, I like Christmas Vacation a lot, the Chevy Chase movie., What about the movie did you like?, I like Christmas movies in general, just cuz Especially this time of year, it's like a wholesome I mean it's not a wholesome movie, but it's a family movie and it's funny, and it's just really entertaining., I can relate to that, What particular movie did you not like?, A movie I didn't like I didn't like The Adventures of Pluto Nash., What about the movie did you dislike?, It was a terrible movie. It wasn't funny. It was the worst movie I've ever seen. It was supposed to be a comedy, and I never laughed once., That's sad to hear, Yep., Well, have you seen Venom?, No, I have not., Well, have you seen Star Wars?, Yeah. I've seen all of them., What about Star Wars did you like or dislike?, They're just entertaining movies, and they're I like sci-fi movies in general. So it's neat to see the technology, and the story is cool. Although the more recent ones aren't as good as the older ones, but that's all right., Well, thank you What type of movies do you like?, I really like comedy movies., what about comedies movies do you like?, I just like how entertaining they are and they usually have a lot of good jokes and the actors are funny., Can you tell what is your favorite movie?, I'd probably have to say Billy Madison's my favorite movie., What about that type of movie did you like?, It's just really silly, has a lot of dumb humor in it, but it It just kind of gets you to smile and laugh and just kind of makes you have a good day, honestly., Have you seen The Mask?, I have. And I thought that movie was really really good too cuz of Jim Carrey., Can you say why you like that TYPE of movie?, And again it's just got a lot of silly humor. The plot's pretty good and then like actors like Jim Carrey just carry the movie., How about type of movies you dislike?, Probably romance movies overall. They just don't really interest me. It's not something I kind of enjoy., What about romance movie did you not like?, Usually the story lines is really unrealistic and boring to me., Awsome. Thank you so much. Good Bye, Thanks. Goodbye. What type of movies do you like?, I guess thrillers or kind of mystery movies, things where people are trying to solve a mystery or an issue., do you like twists at the end?, Half the twists are good, but it's now I don't I'd rather have no twist than a bad twist., what about scary movies? do you like these types of movies?, Not particularly., What's one of your favorite type movies?, Okay, what type of movie?, Like I said, I guess mystery or thrillers., what is one of your least favorite type of movies?, probably romantic comedy, why do you not like romantic comedies?, That is really cliche, and boring, and they all seem the same to me., what if it didn't have a stereotypical ending?, Be weird, but I don't think I would sit and make up for the rest of it just cuz they had a weird ending or unexpected ending., that's true., Do you like movies like Thor?, I've never seen Thor. I'm not a big fan of comic book movies., what about movies similar to good will hunting?, I like Good Will Hunting, I would probably like movies you would consider similar to it., okay. thanks for your help, Yep. what kind of movies do u like watching, I generally like sci-fi and fantasy, and on occasion I like documentaries, why do you like those type of movies, Basically, it's an extension of what I like to read in books. I love Sci-Fi fantansy and I like historical fiction and things like that., could you name a specific movie that fits that category and tell me why you like that kind of movie, I As far as sci-fi goes, I really like Blade Runner., It feels like a very good classic movie that embodies everything I like about sci-fi. Basically anything Asimov I really like., thanks so much. is there a movie you could name for me that fits that category, but you didn't like, and tell me why you didn't like that type of movie, Well, I can't think of any specific movie, but I generally Sci-fi and fantasy tend to have like Whenever you look at movies that are classified by that genre, they're generally for children. So I tend to avoid those types of movies., got it, makes sense., have you seen the movie iron man, No., have you seen logan?, I've seen Logan., did you like this kind of movie, I did. I'd already read the comic beforehand., what did you like about this kind of movie, I like the dystopia aspect of it the apocalyptic side What type of movies do you like?, I like animation movies., What is an animated movie that you like?, I like the movie Wall-E., why do you like the movie Wall-E, I love the whole story line and it was sort of realistic. It's something that can happen to us actually in the future and I love the characters., Is there any type of movie that you dislike?, I don't like to watch science fiction films. It's my least favorite genre., Is there a title in that genre that you don't like specifically?, Don't really have much interest for Star Wars., What don't you like about science fiction and Star Wars?, I think the story line is just too much to take in, and sometimes it gets a little bit too boring for me., What makes these movies boring for you?, I think it's like the whole science aspect of it. It's just that it's too fictional for me I guess. It's, It's just too unrealistic for me., I can understand that, Have you seen Moana?, Yes, I have seen Moana., Did you like it?, I really did like it., What did you enjoy about that movie?, I like the characters, and I really like the music scores behind the movie. Hello, What kind of movies do you normally watch?, I like comedies a lot., Comedies like Dumb and Dumber?, It was okay, but I don't particularly like comedies about people doing dumb stuff., What was the last comedy you watched that you enjoyed?, Oh, wow! The last one I watched?, Oh I guess Deadpool was pretty good., What did you like about Deadpool?, That was pretty sarcastic, the hero didn't take himself too seriously I liked that., What didn't you like about Deadpool?, What didn't I like about it?, I liked it pretty good, so there wasn't much about it I didn't like., Did you like Thor:Ragmarok?, I haven't seen it., I like actions movies, but they've made so many of them now and seems like it's kind of the same formula over and over and over again., They're often very loud as well, which I don't particularly enjoy. They're not very subtle, either., Did you see The Incredibles 2?, And did you like the first one?, Sure., What made it entertaining?, Well, he had funny costumes, doing thing you wouldn't expect them to do., I mean, they still loved each other a while, had each other backs., but, They still made mistakes, and they were somewhat human, even though they were doing incredible things, so I liked that part about it., Thank you for your input, have a great day, Thank you. Bye. What kind of movies do you like? what is it you like about these types of genres?, Superhero movies cuz there's a lot of action in them, a lot of action. That's why I like them., Is there a movie you can name that you really like?, Avengers Infinity War, it had love, romance, action, adventure. It was just a great story., Awesome! The ending was amazing!, Right, the ending was really something but, Perfect, now that I know what movie you like, can you name one you don't like? What would be last on your list?, I don't like Westerns. I wasn't a fan of the Lone Ranger. It just felt old., What about this movie didn't you like?, They played up Tonto, Johnny Depp Tonto too much. They made the Lone Ranger look like a comic like a sidekick instead of him being the star., Thanks for that. By any chance, have you seen the movie Dumb and Dumber?, Oh yeah, I like Dumb and Dumber. That was funny., What about it did you like?, I thought Jim Carrey was hilarious in that movie. I loved his line, "I think I liked you a lot." Every time I seen that, I cracked up. Plus I love their haircuts. Their haircuts look pretty wild., It's an all time classic!, right, How about the movie Thor?, Thor was awesome. I loved it. What action! What romance! What adventure! They did a good job with it., Ragnarok is one of my favorites. They got rid of the love story., Right. That was a great movie with Loki. Loki really was I thought the star of that movie. I thought it was great., Absolutely. well Thank you so much for your input! It helps tremendously. I appreciate it. Have a great day! Do you like movies like Superbad?, I don't remember what the exact premise of the movie is, but I I did like Superbad. I thought it was really funny and original., Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?, With Superbad, it was just the ridiculous humor, the irreverent jokes, and just something that was sort of plausible but not really. It just took It took something that was kind of plausible, the whole premise of the movie, and then went way over the top with it and made it just kind of crazy., Do you like movies like Thor?, Oh yeah, I love superhero movies. Haven't seen a really bad one, although Suicide Squad wasn't very good, but it wasn't super It wasn't bad. It was But the Marvel movies are I loved all of those. Especially the Thor part of the series., Do you like movies like The Hunger Games?, I enjoyed the first Hunger Games a lot. The second one was pretty good, but then when they split the book up into two sections, the the third and fourth one just kind of was so slow to me. I mean I went I went and saw them, but they weren't nowhere near as good as the first two. Just like splitting that last movie up just kind of really ruined the franchise., Can you say a little more about that please?, I don't know. I mean, I just didn't like the I like The Hunger Games, but I didn't like the way it was presented the last two movies, split up like that. It just wasn't very good. I liked the first two though a lot, especially the first one. The first one was really good and stayed true to the book, but the third and then the fourth one just wasn't very good., thank you., Talk to you next time, Okay. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I love romantic comedies, and I also love comedies., Why do you like romantic comedies?, Oh well, I really like these kind of movies because they make me forget about what is going on around me. I really like to be entertained, and I really like to laugh., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Yeah, sure. Let me see., Let's see. One of my favorite movies is Forgetting Sarah Marshall., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Yeah, let me see. Let me think about that for a moment., It's one of the worst movies was a movie called Cheerleader Ninjas. It was like the worst movie and just was kind of a worthless movie and not very well-acted., What do you dislike about this movie? Can you give me one more reason?, Oh, it just didn't keep my interest and it was kind of boring., Just a boring movie., Do you like the movie The Ballad of Buster Scruggs ?, I haven't seen it. I haven't heard of that movie., Do you like the movie Gone Girl?, Oh yeah, I liked Gone Girl, that was a great movie., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Gone Girl it's, It's The acting is really good. It's It's keeps your interest. Kind of It's kind of a a crime film that is is dramatic, so it's just something very interesting that keeps my interest., Do you like the movie Murder on the Orient Express ?, Oh, yeah. That's a classic. I really like that one., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Murder on the Orient Express is is a classic film. I like all the actors in it, Penélope Cruz, Willem Dafoe, these are great actors., Yeah., Can you give me one more reason?, This is a This movie Its a was a very big production, you can see that a lot of thought was put in to it and it really was something just kept my interest going. What sort of movies to you like?, I like action movies and I like comedy movies kind of like Happy Gilmore Billy Billy Madison., Can you give me some more details?, like action movies in the sense of something that kind of gives you thrill or, has kind of like superheroes in it per say maybe like Captain America movies or like Iron Man movies., what was the last movie you watched, the new Avengers movie, What about movies you don't like?, Anything like romance-related, so like The Notebook, I just don't relate to them very much, and it's just really unappealing., What do you check for when picking a movie?, Normally if it's got like really good reviews or not., Thank you. Good bye., Bye. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I like dramas just because they're central to real life experiences., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, the hate you The Hate U Give, What did you like about that kind of film?, It was depicting real life. And definitely the the information that was done with race, I thought it was needed to be known., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I don't like biographies., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, I didn't think it was being real authentic because if it's like something from the past, how could they actually know what happened? So, I just felt like it was fake., Have you heard about the movie Searching?, Yes., Yes. I have., Have you watched the movie before?, Yeah., What did you like about that kind of movie?, I like the acting, the real life story, the directing was great, and I think it was suspenseful., Talk to you next time What type of movies do you like?, I like all different types of movies., Why is that?, They're quite fun to watch. A lot of different genres out there to pick from, so you can never really get too bored., any least favorite genres?, My least favorite is probably horror, not a huge fun of scary movies., do u get scared easily?, Yeah, probably. I'd say so., What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies is Big Hero 6., why is that?, There was kid following him so I was able to go with like my little nephews and stuff and I was just the shots are really well done wealthy was an animated movie and just sort of form., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, I didn't like IT., the remake or the original?, I never saw the original, I saw the remake., what didn't you like about it?, It didn't really feel scary. I I was in the mood for a scary movie, but it's just never scared me. It was only like drama scaring rather than psychological scaring., have you watched Ocean's 11?, No, I have not seen Ocean's Eleven., what about crazy Rich Asians?, what did you enjoy about the movie?, It was very extravagant like I thought it would be more comedy but it wasn't quite a comedy but it was very grand in the way I imagined crazy roachings., okay. thanks What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like action movies that are relevant today., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Guardians of the Galaxy. That one was out a few years ago, but I was disappointed with the ending., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It has It has modern actors in it so it's kind of a new age action movie, but I'm looking forward to newer movies that are coming out., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I didn't like the ending to Guardians of the Galaxy., They gave up on saving the world or saving the galaxy or so it seemed even though they saved it. They saved the galaxy at the end of the movie, but the theme of the story was that, was that it was It was a joke, and they didn't actually save the universe., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Guardians of the Galaxy, I thought you like this movie but not its ending, Yes., I didn't like the theme of the movie. So, it was enjoyable because of the actors and the story., But the theme of the story and the moral behind the ending of it. It wasn't that great. So it was enjoyable at first, but it turned out to be a movie I wouldn't watch again., Can you name another movie, and one that you do not like?, What's the remake to Children of the Corn? I couldn't even watch that movie. It isn't the same., What is it about this movie that you dislike?, It's a rehash of the old movie, and it wasn't as exciting. I guess I'm not involved in the world as much as I was when I was a kid. People paid more attention, so when you see a movie that comes out, you're already in it., And it just isn't the same today., You're waiting and waiting for a call, and you secretly make some movies, and you think they're relevant, but they aren't. So it was not an enjoyable movie., Do you like the movie The Shape of Water?, I haven't seen it., Do you like the movie Star Wars?, sort of, But I don't know anything about it., Do you like the movie Nocturnal Animals ?, I haven't heard of it., But it sounds like something I would like., Do you like the movie Black Klansman?, No., I don't like the name., I don't know anything about it., Do you like the movie The Drop?, It doesn't sound that great. I haven't heard of it though., Do you like the movie Star Wars?, Who doesn't? The remakes are trailing off a little bit., What do you like or dislike about this movie?, I dislike that it's trailing off., I didn't feel it when when the new ones came out and I'm sure there's still more, but, It doesn't permeate culture as much as it should, or at least my culture., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like or dislike this kind of movie?, It doesn't permeate culture as much as I think it should., There's no involvement in the movies so we're left as watchers that don't really have a role and, in viewing the movies, at least in my culture, So, it's boring. It's very boring. Comedy acts seen to be very good, but there's no real modern good comedy acts. If you want to see anything that's quality, it's probably aged and that's kind of No no, I don't like the modern movies. Aren't good anymore., and the older movies We're encouraged to watch older movies, but they don't get the respect they were supposed to get., Does that make sense. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like sci-fi or fantasy movies because it's a escape, and I enjoy settings of that that type., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Oh yes, Interstellar., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie? Please do not bring up directors, actors or genres., It has a very good story that with a twist at the end and it uses pseudoscience that we might that might actually be true., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Titanic, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you dislike this movie? Please do not bring up directors, actors or genres., I found the love story unnecessary and also some of the acting in in the movie I was was bad. The story was okay but I could do without the other love story., Do you like the movie Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom ?, Yes, I though it was quite action-packed and good. Yes, I did., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie? Please do not bring up directors, actors or genres., It was action-packed, and I like the story line. And And there was a lot of very good special effects that made the the dinosaurs seem real., Do you like the movie Justice League ?, I have not seen it, so I don't have an opinion., Do you like the movie Elf?, I've not seen Elf either., Have you heard of this movie?, Yes., Would you go see it?, No., Do you like the movie Pacific Rim: Uprising?, Yes., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie? Please do not bring up directors, actors or genres., It's just mindless fun. The special effects with all the marks, and the fighting, and stuff was really cool. it just it just a mindless fun, action movie. So, I enjoyed it., Do you like the movie Ant-Man?, I have not seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, Yes., Would you go see it?, No. What kind of movies do you like?, I like action, adventure movies, comedy, like something like like a 21 Jump Street, 22 Jump Street. I do like parody movies sometimes, depending on who's in the movie., Documentaries are good, depending on the subject., Drama movies are good., And I'm pretty I'm pretty into like fantasy story like Star Wars and Star Trek movies. Those are pretty interesting to me., I like something with a good narrative, a good storyline, and good character growth., what do you like about these kinds of movies?, That really depends. Like if it's a good actor and I really appreciate their movies I'll watch it. But if if it's like a new actor I'll want to see how the story is. And if the story is good, their growth as a character, the main plot, if it's not a cliche plot, If it's something I'm into since If it's like a Trilogy and I've been into it since the first movie, I'll continue to watch it to understand the storyline. And if it's a continuous story that continues within the first two movie that is within first two movies, that really helped me, I'll watch them., how about the movies that you don't like, can you tell me more about them?, I don't like horror movies or thriller movies at all. Those are the two genres that I I will stay away from a lot., what did you dislike about these genres?, scared of me? Most of the time I'm home at night by myself and I get paranoid and if you live in a big house alone, you just don't expect anything and you're like worried that something will happen. Stuff like Chucky's scared me as a little kid and I still like freaks me out as an adult. I'm not really into clowns cuz they scare me too so i avoid it., There are some movies are they're like funny movies. Like if it's scary movie 1, 2, or 3, I'm like, "Okay I'm watching it." Cuz it's funny but at the same it's scary but at the same time it's not it is funny., can you name a movie that you really liked?, A movie that I really like recently or in general?, whatever comes to your mind!, Recently, I think I liked Avengers: Infinity War a lot., Yeah, that's that's the most recent one I liked. In general, there's this movie called The Town, has Ben Affleck. It's a pretty solid movie, and I enjoyed it from start to end. It's probably my most favorite movie. It's up there like my top three favorite movies of all time., what did you like about these movies?, I liked Avengers: Infinity War because it's a superhero movie, of course. It had really everything that I enjoyed from the past 10 years of the Marvel Universe, cuz Iron Man's my favorite hero in the Marvel Universe, and then Spider-Man's next to him. And it was pretty amazing, the storyline was pretty good, it hit your emotional cores when it gets there, and the character growth, What was going on was pretty good, too. The Town and I loved it so much because it's like it's a bank heist movie, but it's like really good. It was written really well. And the direction of the from the director was pretty solid. And I enjoyed Ben Affleck's performance in the entire movie., cool. can you name a movie that you didn't like at all?, any movie that you didn't like, if you can name it., I would say Venom. It was disappointing. I didn't I'm not going to say I didn't like it. It was just disappointing on what I've seen versus than what I expected., what did you dislike about it?, I It wasn't what I expected. I expected like a Deadpool kind of movie, where you see Venom doing his most, Bad things like, he's not a hero, he's anti hero, but at the same time the movie made it show like he was a super hero which it was not cuz that's not was the picture was in the comics and that the and when you realize the movie watch the movie and it's just like oh, just a love story and it's something that basically not it was close to what I wanted but it didn't that that's what I really, liked about this movie. Like Venom is you think about It's just It's way better than the Spider-Man 3 movie, Venom. I just didn't like the way they teased Venom in saying, oh look, you can get this anti-hero as a movie, get everybody all high, but then when it comes out, like oh, it's just, you know, it's a love story. Like ah. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like mysteries and thrillers, just cuz they're exciting and they keep you on the edge of your seat, and they also While you're watching them, you're trying to think of who If it's a murder mystery type thing, it's like who did it and how are they responsible? And it's a neat little kind of like a puzzle while you're watching the movie., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I like Zodiac a lot, if we're talking thrillers., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It's based on a true story. It's about a serial killer, and it's just really interesting to see the investigation and how they tried to catch him, even though they never ended up catching him. It was neat to see the process the police took and how they tried to go about it and how he evaded getting captured repeatedly., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Epic Movie was a really bad movie that I saw in college., What is it about this movie that you dislike?, humor. It was so bad. It was meant to be like a parody of fantasy movies like Lord of the Rings cuz those were popular at the time when it came out. It was just so stupid. It wasn't funny at all., Do you like the movie Spotlight?, I haven't seen it., Have you seen Ant Man?, Yep., Do you like it or dislike it, and why?, It was all right. I'm not a big comic book movie person but I like Paul Redwood, so I was all right with it., Do you like the movie Mission Impossible?, I haven't seen it., Do you like the movie Venom?, I haven't seen it. hello. What type of movies do you like?, I like superhero movies., Why do you like superhero movies?, They have great action great plots., lots of great CGI, lots of great special effects, lot of humor, lot of life and death, more questions, so do you prefer movies that are more realistic or ficitional?, I like a little of both depending on the mood I'm in. Sometimes I like realistic movies, and sometimes I like the other kind. Just depend what the mood is, and who I'm with., What's one of your favorite movies?, I just came back and I saw Deadpool. That was a real good one, Deadpool 2. It had a lot of fun, lot of black humor. It was pretty good. Dark. Dark but funny. Made me think. And laugh too, though., did you prefer the first deadpool or the sequel?, I honestly liked the second one better, which kind of shocked me, cuz I loved the first movie, and the second one was a little better the way they played with that team called X-Force., I like Cable, too. Cable was pretty interesting., What type of movies do you not like?, Well I got to say it's not probably a popular opinion, but I don't like the Twilight movies. I tried to watch them with my girlfriend, and the first one was all right, but after a while it becomes too much of a soap opera for me, and I didn't really go for them., I know they're tremendously popular though., First one I I liked, and then went downhill after that. Seemed like to me the same thing every every movie. They just changed the title after a while., did you ever finish the series?, No. I think I got to the wedding. I got to the wedding., I started getting confused when they brought in the werewolf character., Do you like movies like Superbad?, I haven't seen Superbad yet, I heard that's really funny. A lot of my friends recommended me to try that out. That's something I should try out., it's definitely a must see. it's very funny and amusing, That'd be a good one to watch over the summer. I'm definitely going to put that on my my list., okay. thanks for your help, Well thank you What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, Let's see. I like action-adventure and I like those types of movies because I'm always on the edge of my seat and they're really exciting to watch., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, The Beach, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Yeah. It's kind of like action adventure with a little bit of mystery added in and throughout the movie you're just trying to figure out who's committing murders, and it's just super exciting and just a lot under watch and kind of, you know? While you're watching you're just of trying to figure everything out, before the end of the movie comes, Can you name a movie that you totally dislike?, Yeah. Let's see. I don't like science fiction, also. I'll say, Let's see. Avengers., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I don't like the whole superhero thing and I don't like the fantasy aspect of it that it's not true to life at all., Do you like the movie The Hate U Give?, You know what? I've never heard of it., Do you like the movie deadpool 2?, It's okay. It's kind of up there with Avengers, but I could leave at that., what is it about this movie that you are unsure of?, To be honest, I thought it had a lot a lot of profanity. The The both the first and second Deadpools, and I don't know, that's just not my thing. I thought it was a little over the top in that way, and it kind of really took away from the rest of the movie., Do you like the movie Papillon?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., And let's see, Her adventure and drama, I thought they were both relevant to the story., Do you like the movie A Quiet Place?, Yes, absolutely., what are the 2 things you like best about it?, The cast was great, and the story line., other than the cast, what do you like about it?, I like that it was different from all so many other movies and that there was no really no sound. I mean very little sound. I thought that was kind of a really interesting twist that they used in the movie., Do you like the movie Halloween?, Yeah. Yeah. That was pretty good., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., It's scary without being over the top scary and then and also it's kind of focused on older or younger people rather than older people., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., Thank you. You, too. What type of movies do you enjoy?, a drama films, What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like how human they are. And I like how I can relate to the characters, and the troubles they're going through., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, The Descendants, What did you like about this movie?, I really like the characters, and I empathized a lot with how they were feeling, and, Just the whole experience they were going through and the way they were dealing with that as humans., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't particularly like romantic comedies or animated trombone songs., What about these movies is unappealing?, I think they're frequently very frivolous and use stock plots and tropes. And things that don't really excite me or interest me., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, What do you dislike about this movie?, I think the animation is awful. I don't particularly like the characters in the story and I I think it's very one moded the humor., Have you seen Forrest Gump?, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I like the characters and the overall tone of it, but I thought it was over long., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! What type of movies do you enjoy?, I really like drama and action films., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, Something that I can relate to, something that makes me feel good, something that I want to talk to others about., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, I really enjoy like movies like The Shawshank Redemption., What did you like about this movie?, Oh, it's just the acting was really good and I really like the whole scenery of the movie and I really enjoy the plot. It's just very memorable., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I really don't like, You know, horror films, I hate that., What about these movies is unappealing?, It just doesn't appeal to me. It's not something that I have interest in. It's It's just I'm not interested in being scared out of my mind., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Nothing specific just all horror movies., Have you seen Crazy rich asians, I have not, but I'd like to., How about Pulp Fiction, I've seen that., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I really like the acting, and I like the the style of the movie, and I really liked you know the whole I just really enjoyed the movie. It's very well acted., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, You, too. what kind of movies do u like watching, Oh, I like superhero movies a lot. Anything that has superheroes, and it really makes me happy. And I'll watch pretty much anything., can u tell me a movie that fits that category, and tell me why u really liked it, Yeah. The first Spider-Man movie, I thought it was a great movie. And it really got me hooked on superhero movies, because I thought the story line was pretty good. The actions, the scenes, the direction. Everything is perfect on that, and I think I've watched it like 20 times., thanks for sharing. could u now tell me about a movie that fits that category that you didn't like as much, and reasons why u didn't like it., Or, there is a a a a movie The Notebook which everybody really praises, and I found it boring and uninteresting. It just I almost fell asleep, it just wasn't for me., what about it wasn't for u, I think the romance aspect and everything that it entails was just lost on me, cuz it just bores me., got it. thanks for sharing. have u seen batman vs. superman, No, I actually heard really bad things about it and I don't want to see it., have u seen Avengers: Age of Ultron, Yes., do u like this kind of movie, Yes, very much. It's in line It's in line with what I like, it's an action movie with the super heroes and it just it really fun to watch, it keeps you entertained and on the edge of your seat. Can you name a particular movie you like?, I like the movie Inception by Nolan., I also like Star Wars., What did you like about that movie?, I thought the concept of the movie was quite original and the movie just pulled me in with it's action and storytelling., Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I did not like Justice League., How come you did not like it?, The special effects were terrible, and the acting was ho hum at best. It just wasn't good., Good point. What about Wonder Woman? how'd you feel about that?, I thought the movie was okay. It wasn't great. It wasn't terrible. It was just an okay movie., Do you like super hero movies overall?, Yes, I do., What do you like about them?, I like the fantastical concept that superhero movies bring to the big screen. What kind of movies do you like? Any specific genre?, I like science fiction movies for the most part., Sci fi, awesome. Is there a movie you can name that you really liked?, I really enjoyed watching Blade Runner 2049 in theaters., They served the original one justice! And can you tell me what you liked about those types of movies?, I like the fact that they have very lived-in, well developed worlds, good stories and good characters., Perfect, now that I know what movie you like, can you name one you don't like? What would be last on your list?, I wasn't a very big fan of Sharknado for the most part., What about that kind of movie didn't you like? It was amazing! It won like 25 oscars. kidding., I found the movie to be just too over the top for my sensibilities. The acting was poor, and I just couldn't enjoy it, for the most part., You said you liked sci fi, have you seen Aliens?, Yes, I've seen Aliens., and what did you think?, I though it was a fantastic movie, and I felt it surpassed the original Alien movie., I agree., What about the matrix? Another sci fi classic., Absolutely. Matrix is a fantastic movie and absolutely a classic., Awesome. Thank you so much for your input! It helps tremendously. I appreciate it. Have a great day! What type of movies do you like and why?, My favorite types of movies are drama, documentary, some action adventure, and a little bit of fantasy mixed in, primarily, Can you name a particular movie you like?, I like I like The Matrix, the whole the whole trilogy of The Matrix because the story there was a little bit of Sci Fi and it related to real life and just a new perspective., Please give at least 2 reasons why you like that movie., I like all the Matrix movies. The first one was like an entryway into what the Matrix is and the story about basically society being a game. And then I mean, just the sci-fi aspects of it it's like fantasy mixed with, I mean, it's It's hard to describe in a way, cuz it's it It was done in a way that was not like anything else before. So on another note, I like the way the characters were created and how they were put in place. It was very good actors that were chosen for the movies., Well then that's that's pretty much it, just an awesome, freaking trilogy., Can you name a particular movie you dislike?, Let's see. I didn't really care for for Blues or anything like like Dirty Dancing. I wasn't really, keen on that kind of kind of movie because like those dancing movies and music movies don't really grab me and Like High School Musical, Chicago, stuff like that. I mean Chicago was okay. It was I could deal with that one. It was more artsy., But movies like musical movies that are too cheesy, I can't get into those. And also because it's just It's just too cookie cutter and too mainstream. It needs to have some art to it., Do you like the movie Guardians of the Galaxy ?, I saw the first one, and I saw a little bit of the second one, but it's It was all right. I'm more I just like the basic superhero movies, Please give at least 2 reasons why you like or dislike this movie., I don't like the inclusion of like comedy and how the comedy was used. I think it should have been more serious. Like the original Spider-Man with Tobey Maguire was more serious than Spider-Man: Homecoming. Even the second one was a little bit more There was some comedy in it that was just not right for that comic style, so, And another reason is, I just didn't like how the story was written for the movie, like expected of the director, and they They could have written it a little bit more based around the comic book instead of how it was., Have you seen the movie Halloween ?, I saw the original one, but I didn't see the new one., Although you have not seen the new Halloween, have you heard of it?, Yes, I've heard of it. And I know Jamie Lee Curtis is back in it., Do you think you would like to see it?, I think down the road, I probably will see it. I'm probably not going to go see it in theaters, but I wouldn't mind seeing that, versus the one that was made by I think Rob Zombie. That was That was a totally different perspective of it, which I actually did like that one too, so we'll see., Do you like the movie A Star Is Born ?, I haven't seen that., Although you have not seen it, have you heard of it?, I think I have heard of it. I think I've heard of that title, but that's it., Do you think you would like to see it?, Probably not. I'd have to look into it a little bit more to see what's it's about stuff so, Have you seen the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ?, I haven't seen that one., Have you seen the movie The Matrix ?, Yes, I've seen that. I was just talking about that earlier., Please give at least 2 reasons why you like or dislike this movie., Oh, I like it for the story, how they present the characters, and I also like it because of the way that they talk about civilization and how it was based on you know It was all pre-scripted. Reality is not what you think. So they kind of gave a new perspective on the truth of reality and society and stuff. What kind of movies do you like?, I really like science fiction movies and movies that are stimulating like different worlds and things like that., Why do you like that kind of movie?, Because it's out of what's normally possible in the world, so it makes it just different and more interesting. I don't really want to watch anything that's too realistic in a movie. I want to be entertained., I see. so what are some movies that you avoid?, Mostly romance movies, they don't speak to me., Why don't they speak to you?, I find them boring, and just they make me fall asleep. Just short to say, there's I can't name any romance movies that ever interested me or made me excited to watch them., Alright well then what have you seen recently?, Recently, well, I recently watched rewatched actually Back to the Future which is actually a classic movie that is high on my list and 1 day I just felt like watching it. That's the most recent one I've watched it, so a very fun movie with a fun storyline., Why do you enjoy that film?, It has good characters, good background, the story is interesting. It has a lot of science fiction elements obviously, and it's it just speaks to me., I see. Thank you so much. Are you interested in any upcoming films?, I think I want to go see the new Spider-Man movie., Why is that?, I liked the character Spider-Man and again it's a science fiction movie. I really enjoy the the first films of all I've been watching the next ones after that., Great. I'm curious if you've seen Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Yes. I've seen it. It was horrible., What did you think?, It was horrible. The story didn't make any sense, and it just felt like there was just combat, and that was it. I can't even tell you what it was about after watching it., Wow that sounds like a bad time., Yes, I wish I could get my money back. And my time., Did you see the Deadpool movie?, I have not but it's been on my to-watch list., That's all the questions I have for you today. Thank you so much What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like movies from Disney and Pixar studios and I like them because they're usually light hearted and upbeat and fun., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I like a Toy Story 3., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like it because it's funny, it's charming, it has a good message, and it makes me feel nostalgic., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I didn't really care for The Jungle Book., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like the music. I disliked that it was remade. I think the original was better and I was not crazy about the voice acting., Do you like the movie The Grinch ?, I like the original one that came out. I don't like the remake., Why do you dislike about the remake? Please give 2 reasons., I just liked Jim Carrey, and I didn't feel that the movie needed to be remade., Do you like the movie Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets ?, Yes, I do like that movie., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I liked the books, and I also like the fantasy genre., Do you like the movie Upgrade ?, I don't know that movie., Have you heard of this movie?, I have not heard of that movie., Do you like the movie .Thor: The Dark World?, Yes, I did like that movie., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like all of the Marvel movies generally, and I like the character Thor., Can you give me 2 reasons specific to this Thor movie, please?, I like the actors in the movie and I enjoyed the story line., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening., Good bye. What type of movies do you like?, I like action films and spy films and thrillers., why do you like spy films?, I like the whole lone person against the world trying to save the world situation., Also, I like the whole cloak and dagger aspect of the spy films., What is one of your favorite movies?, Hunt for Red October, why is that?, It has submarines, it has spies. It has, It has great music. The soundtrack's fantastic., It's got everything I want., how about the plot?, (accidentally deleted), The Russians are trying to defect with their entire submarine to the United States. And so the plot revolves around that., What type of movies do you not like? +, I don't like romance movies., That's about it. oh and, most kids they usually count as chick flicks and I don't like chick flicks. That's They just don't do it for me. They bore me., have you heard of the movie Doctor Strange?, I've heard of it., But, I have not I have not seen it., what about the movie star wars?, I love Star Wars., what do you like about it?, The original, it's got space battles, and it's got, It's got a fun western feel to it. It's got the Yeah, it's just got a good plot. It's got some good pacing. Though the first one, which is number four, isn't as good, but Empire Strikes Back is fantastic., okay. thanks i'd like to discuss your movie preferences., I like fantasy movies and animation movies, what do you like about these genres?, I liked it, I like that they let you explore different worlds, different places, and realities that are impossible in the real world. And about animation, I think it's a really interesting medium to tell stories in a very unique way., very nice! is there any particular movie that you've liked a lot?, Howl's Moving Castle is one of my favorite movies., what did you like about it?, I liked the animation, the character design, and the soundtrack is amazing. Also, the plot is very fantastical, but there are parts of the movie that I don't quite understand, but it's a really appealing and and eye-catching movie., cool. how about movies that you don't like? can you describe them for me?, I don't like historical movies. And I don't like movies that contain men in skirts, like 300 and Pompeii. I always fall asleep in that kind of movies., what do you dislike about them?, I dislike that for most of the of the movie there's nothing happening. It's just like you follow the everyday lives of the characters, and their interactions with each other, but nothing really happens. And the interesting parts usually last very little., can you name a movie that you didn't like at all?, 300, I didn't like that movie., what did you dislike about it?, That it was boring., And this the the style that it has it's really weird. It's like really dark colors and, I don't know, it just seems boring. And it was boring to me. The plot wasn't interesting, and I wasn't quite sure if it was supposed to be fantasy or historical fiction., have you seen twilight?, Yes. I don't like that movie. I didn't like the book. And I don't like the movie. It was really boring and I fell asleep like half of the movie., you must have really disliked it then, Yeah, I disliked it. I watched it because a friend of mine liked the Twilight series back then., But it was not my thing. What kind of movies do you like watching?, I mainly prefer to I mainly like watching scary movies and maybe superhero movies., why is that, I like watching horror horror movies because it keeps me at the edge of my seat and and I like jump scares and I like watching superhero movies because I don't know, I just like watching a good guy win., those are great reasons. can you name a specific movie that fits that category, and tell me why you like that type of movie, Recently I watched Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, and it was just amazing because it it's about what happens after the original Spider-Man retires. , And all these little other Spider-Mans, they do the same thing that he does., thanks for sharing. could you also name a movie that fits one of those categories that you didn't like, and why you didn't like that type of movie, Okay. A recent horror film I watched was Bird Box. I'm not sure you could say it was horror, but there was no point in the story because you never get to see the monster. It was just suspense the whole time. And, I don't know, it was kind of boring., have you heard of batman vs superman?, Yes, I have., have you seen it, Yes, I have., do you like those types of movies, Yes, I do., why is that, I don't know. It's just I like watching live films about cartoon characters that I used to read about and watch., so it has a nostalgic factor and you like that, is that right, That is correct. What type of movies do you like?, Sci-Fi movies, why is that?, Cuz I always like seeing movies about the future and space battles and stuff like that., are you a fan of star trek?, Yes, very much. Yes., What is one of your favorite movies?, The very first Star Wars in 1977, A New Hope., why that movie?, Well I saw it when I was a kid, and it introduced me to the whole idea of fantasy and science fiction., What type of movies do you not like?, Romance, family-oriented, Musicals, that's about it., is it too boring for you?, Yeah. It just doesn't interest me., have you heard of the movie The happytime Murders?, Yes, I have heard of it, but I have not seen it as yet., have you watched the movie inception, Yes., I liked it a lot., what did you like about the movie?, It was well directed. The acting was great. The story with the shocker at the end, it was just overall well done movie, the pacing, everything about it., okay. thank you What types of movies do you usually see?, I like horror, comedy, action., Give me one of your top 5 movies, Avengers: Infinity War, Great. Why did you like it?, It was action packed and had a lot of great moments., What else did you like about it?, I liked all the individual character moments, and the way they used them was perfect., Got it. What’s one of the worst movies you’ve seen?, the newest Fantastic Four, What was so bad about it?, It was so boring and it didn't, do the Fantastic Four comics any favors, What did you think of Death Wish ?, I never saw Death Wish., Okay, so what about Fight Club?, I've heard of it, but I haven't seen Fight Club., how about The Matrix, I love The Matrix. That was my one one of my favorite movies growing up., Great. What did you like about that kind of movie?, I have great moments, the fighting parts were really cool and I just loved how they, they made it, great, did you like Red Sparrow, I haven't seen Red Sparrow., ok, how about Insurgent, I haven't seen Insurgent either., ok, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire?, That was one of the best Harry Potter movies., Great. What did you like about that kind of movie?, I just like movies that have magical powers and stuff like that and Harry Potter is pretty good and had a dragon in it. I love dragons, so I love the movie. It's pretty good., okay. thank you for your time., No problem. Goodbye. What sort of movies do you like?, I like action movies and movies about superheroes., Can you give me an example of a movie you remember liking?, I like Avengers: Infinity War., What did you like about it?, I like Avengers. It was a fun movie with lot's of actors that I liked. And it was very pretty., who's your favorite actor or actress in the avengers?, I like Josh Brolin. I like Steve I like Chris Hemsworth, and I like Chris Evans., I also like Chris Pratt., What do you check for when picking a movie?, I check for reviews to see how many other people have liked the movie. I check for reviews to see how critics like the movie. I check to see if there is a showtime that will fit my needs and my availability. I don't like how expensive they are to see in theaters, and I don't like how there's a lot of them that aren't good, and it's misleading., are you planning on watching the new jurassic world movie?, I am planning on watching the movie, as soon as I can get some friends together to go., thank you, See you later, You're welcome. Bye. Hello there! Do you like movies?, Yeah, a little bit., Okay. Have you seen Superbad?, Yes, I have actually. It's been a long time but yeah, I have seen it., Did you like it? Do you happen to remember?, Yeah. I think I'm pretty sure I'd liked it. It's certainly not a bad movie., Okay. How about the Matrix?, Yes. I've seen that and I like it a lot actually., Awesome. What did you like about the Matrix series?, I like how it like opened my mind up a little bit to different perspectives. Like the whole red pill versus blue pill thing. Like I thought that was actually kind of really cool because, Just I don't know. It speaks It speaks me out of deep love I guess., That was a huge statement slash turning point in the movie., Right? Yeah, it really was. But it was also kind of a huge turning point with like how I viewed life, too., Which one did you pick? Red or blue? ha ha just kidding., I like I like the implementation of humor into this It's actually It makes these tasks a lot less monotonous., I agree!, Did you like the Jason Bourne movies?, I don't know if I've actually seen them, and if I have, I don't remember. So I'm indifferent towards them, I guess., Okay. I agree. They're pretty grey in the action slash suspense movies. Not great, not bad. They're meh, Fair enough, I wouldn't or I don't really watch a whole lot of action movies so, Well, thank you for the input today! it's been really helpful What kind of movies do you like?, I like I like Adam Sandler type of movies, Billy Madison., comedy comedy movies, action movies, Suspense movies, horror movies., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, I like horror movies because they keep me because I want to know how the ending will be, like Horror movies just bring out like the gruesomeness of killings and stuff like that. It's just I find it fascinating. It just leaves me at the edge of my seat. It just It just keeps me thrilled. I just want to know how the story will end., Can you tell me the name of a particular movie you like?, Movie that I particularly like is Toy Story 3., What did you like about toy story 3?, It just showed, It just a showed a kid growing up growing up playing with his toys and matured and went to college and he he decided to throw away his toys., or someone in his family decided to throw away his toys and they all went to a place where they now treat the toys really well so, It just talks about a low point life event turning a low point to a positive point., It also had a good versus evil type of feel to the movie, like the good people are the toys that Andy used to play with, and the bad people were the toys that were secluded from everyone., I see. What about a movie you did not like?, Movie that I don't like was Project X. I don't like Project X., How come you did not like it?, That's about it., How did you feel about Star wars?, I've never seen Star Wars., Never really grew up watching Star Wars., oh. what about Ant man?, Ant man. I've seen the trailer of it but Yeah, it seems cool like a small a small person can become huge and become powerful not to to be evil could could feel sorry to it. Defeats evil. I'm a fan of him. I'm a fan of the movie., So you like superhero movies in general?, Yeah, I like them. Whenever I have a chance, I watch them., Sounds like time well spent, thanks, Thank you. Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, I'll see, let me think. I really like, Wonder Woman, it was very good movie., What is it about this type of movie that you like?, it's a movie about a character that I grew up with. I remember watching Wonder Woman on television when I was a kid, and I was a big fan of it then, and I'm a big fan of it now., What else?, I'm just a fan of the genre and, You know, it was a great movie., had you know It was great filming, great storyline, good characters, good actors, It was all round, you know, a good movie., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, I'm not a big fan of horror movies. I can't think of the name of one in particular. That the one of the remakes, The Exorcist., don't like the genre, and the movies just really don't appeal to me. I mean they may be good movies, but I just don't I can't make myself watch them cuz I just I don't know. They don't scare me, and they may be well done, but I just Just the interest is just not there for me. I can't, I can't force myself to watch them., There are too many other good movies out there to waste my time., with those types, Okay.Have you watched the movie The Heist ?, No, I haven't seen that. Is that That's a comedy, isn't it? Had a big cast. I remember seeing the preview I think, but no, I haven't seen the movie., what about Reservoir Dogs, Yeah, I've seen that I've seen that one a few times. Quentin Tarantino's one of my favorites and, did you like it, That was the first Yeah, it was great. That was the first movie that he actually did, had complete control over. Wasn't his first screenplay, but it was, The subject matter is not is not what some Wouldn't be for everybody cuz it was kind of you know, it was pretty graphic if you saw it. And lots of blood and killing and maiming and hurting. But I liked it. I enjoyed it. I didn't think it was too much. It was At the time, it was a breath of fresh air. I don't know if you could say that now because you know, it's been kind of done, but it's hard to recapture that initial time, but I think at time it was you know kind of ahead of it's time actually and there have been a lot of imitation since then., Have you watched the movie The Godfather ?, Yeah, I've seen all three of them. The first two were very good, the third one not so much. Was like they were just trying to get a cash grab for that third one, and didn't really put a lot into the content. The first one was fantastic, probably the second a little more than the first, just because I really liked I really enjoyed seeing., I really enjoyed seeing the you know the origins of Don Corleone and you know, Robert De Niro was very good in it., But overall, I think the first two were fantastic, and the third one was I'm glad I watched it, but it wasn't really good. Hello. I’d like to discuss your movie preferences. OK?, What would you like to know?, I can tell you about the movies that I like. I like action and fantasy films as well as science fiction films., Some of my favorite films include: Star Wars, The Lord of the Rings trilogy and The Hobbit trilogy., so you like movie series?, I can't tell you that I don't like low budget films, as I just don't find them very entertaining., what did you like about the lord of the rings trilogy?, That's a pretty easy question to answer. I like that The Lord of the Rings trilogy offered an escape from reality. , It was such a convincing world that it took place in with so much detail and it was such an epic scale that it felt like I was a part of that world and that adventure., And not many movies are able draw me in to that degree., can you name a movie you did not like?, I have to think about that for just a second. Let me see here., Movies that I did not like. That's an easy one. Star Wars: The Last Jedi., I did not like Star Wars: The Last Jedi., what did u not like about it?, I think it was very poorly written. I think the, People in charge of the movie were more interested in pushing identity politics and the left-wing political agenda and it put that overwriting and creating a good Star Wars movie and it shows. The movie gives us very shallow characters. It gives us let down after a let down , And it tries to fundamentally change the core values of the franchise's main characters such as Luke Skywalker, and it basically insulted as fans and supporters of the franchise in many different ways, whether it's the petty scenes where Luke is having to drink milk from the tit of a giant sea cow, or when he throws his beloved father's lightsaber over his shoulder as if it were worth nothing to the, I could go on and on about why I do not like that movie., Is there anything else?, so i'm guessing you read the series as well?, Yes. I read the book series. I read almost every single Star Wars book growing up as a child. Well, over 40 books., did you like the movie ant man?, I did like it, but I wasn't very impressed, and I wasn't very interested by it. While I don't think it's a bad movie, I just didn't particularly enjoy it very much., what about the movie Aladdin?, Yes, I liked the movie Aladdin., what did u like about it?, I like the characters such as Genie, played by Robin Williams. He's one of my favorite actors, and I like the art style and the amazing music., i totally agree about robin williams, his character was the best, Talk to you next time What type of movies do you enjoy?, I'm really big into biographies, like real life story movies., Why do you enjoy these type of movies?, I like to learn about people's experiences and I feel like it keeps me like grounded as a human being., I can definitely see the appeal in that. Is there a specific title that you enjoy?, I like the Muhammad Ali movie., What did you enjoy about this title?, I like that he keeps He gives you the best motivations to go after your dreams, but also be kind and be fearless., That's awesome, What types of movies do you dislike or not enjoy at all?, I don't like westerns., Why don't you enjoy these types of movies?, I think it's just like a weird thing to be care about. I mean, it should just be like ancient history., Is there a specific title from this category that you dislike heavily?, Westworld, it's not my favorite movie or TV show, I think it's just like a weird concept., What parts of this title did you not enjoy?, Just the unauthenticness of the reality of a situation that could happen in the future., Have you seen Inception, Yes., What did you like or dislike about this film, I liked Inception, how it kept you kept you interested in new things, and like you just didn't know if it was true or not., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, Thank you. What type of movies do you like?, I like comedy movies., why do you like comedy?, Cuz they are funny. They make me laugh. I learn new, funny things from watching the movie, What's one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies is The Waterboy., what's it about?, It's about a guy, Bobby Boucher. He gets fired from his his his position that he had as a waterboy for a team, and he he finds another one finds another team that that hires him, and then when they're about to fire him, he tackles he tackles a football player, and then he then then the coach makes him like a starting player for the team, and, funny. It's really an underdog movie. Bobby goes from being the worst the worst person in the team to being the top best to being the best player on the team. So, yeah, it's an underdog movie. You feel good, I like it., so you like the story line?, Yep, I like it., What type of movies do you not like?, A movie that I don't like is a movie that I watched many years ago. It's called Project X, because there was no storyline. It just showed pictures It just showed images It showed images of of breast, boobs, ass, didn't really have a developing storyline, so I didn't really like it. I wouldn't I wouldn't go and see it again., It made me It made me sad cuz I waste my money on that movie. It was just terrible. I just didn't like it., I got angry., i wish we could get refunds on movies we didn't like, Yes., I agree., Do you like movies like The Hunger Games?, Yeah, I like those adventurous type of movies. Yeah, I like the weapons that they use, different characters. So, yeah, I like it., this movie definitely had a story line, okay. thank you., Goodbye can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like action movies., ok, what about action movies do you enjoy, I like the high-driven action, and it takes me away from reality., got it, can you name a specific movie you liked?, I really liked The Avengers., ok, what about the avengers did you like?, I liked the consistency of action and also the humanity of the storytelling., great, can you name a movie you don't like?, I don't like romantic comedies., ok, can you name a movie you've seen that you disliked?, I did not like 30 dresses., and why didn't you like it?, Not realistic to the story of falling in love., got it, have you seen the movie aquaman?, Yes., did you like it?, Yes, I loved it., ok, what about the movie made you love it?, The humanity of the storytelling, as well as the action. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like superhero movies., Why is that?, Because they're cool, they're fun and I love the adventure., Great. What's a movie you've seen recently?, Venom., What did you think of it?, I thought it was pretty good., Can you go into more detail?, I like the characters in it, I like the Venom. Yeah, it was a fun ride., Great. Thank you. What about movies you don't like, what kinds do you avoid?, Chick flicks., Why's that?, Because they're made for chicks, and I don't like their flicks., I see. Did you see Justice League?, Yes., What did you think?, It was bad., Why?, It was just some bad combination of like horribly CGI, the characters were not great., I see. What about Dr. Strange, did you see that?, Yes, I love Doctor Strange., What did you love about it?, I liked the sorcerer, magician, Harry Potter vibe I get from it. I like the back story and stuff like that. what are the types of movies u like watching?, Oh, I really like historical and drama movies. Like anything that has to do with history., can u name a movie that fits those categories that u really like, Yes, Schindler's List., what qualities of the movie did u like?, It portrays a dramatic story that really happens and it really grips at your emotions and takes you through the the whole suffering of World War II and the Nazis., thanks for sharing. what is a movie that fits that category that u didn't like?, I wasn't really a big fan of, The Shawshank Redemption. Although it was really good, like it was well reviewed, I just it was too long, and just didn't enjoy it., what about it just didn't work for u?, I don't think the actors worked well together. In my mind, they clashed. So, it wasn't It just wasn't fun to watch., got it, thanks for sharing. and this is a bit of a tangent, but have u seen the hobbit, Yes., did u like it?, Yes, it was great., what about it was great, I like the characters, the story line. And how it builds up on Lord of the Rings and gives you more background and insight into the Hobbits and everything else. So, I thought it was a really great movie., how were the costumes, music, background, etc.?, Costumes made me feel like they're real. So, everything is fake, but it was not in the movie. It was like exactly there. And of course, the the movie the music was engrossing, just like Lord of the Rings. It was majestical, almost, and well composed. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I enjoy dramas, all kinds, different kinds. You know, sometimes sappy, depends on the kind of mood am in or you know sometimes the heartfelt or serious dramas are fun, too., I also enjoy the occasional thriller movie., which is really just a drama with a lot of intensity to it., What do you enjoy about them?, Well, it's like a lot time just kind of just takes you out of your own head for a little while and maybe shows you the life of somebody else and how you know, the struggles they face sometimes and the you know, the different things they do. And just like you know, kind of the a lot of times they're human stories. And usually they're pretty believable you know, not fantasy or or science fiction or anything like that., It's, you know, stuff you can a lot of time the stuff you can relate to or things that you might wish should happen to you or things that even sometimes maybe have happened to you., I can see why you would consider it a sort of escape, What specific movie from that genre do you enjoy?, More like Forrest Gump, but it was kind of a comedy drama. That's probably a classic. That one get's well me every time I watch it., I don't know. I think I'm looking forward to that Lady Gaga movie that's coming out tomorrow. I'll probably go see it, A Star Is Born. I like the original one. That was good. I don't know if you consider it if it's a more musical, but it seems like it's got a lot of drama in it. So I'm kind of looking forward to that tomorrow, and unless I get, What interests you about it?, It just The whole music thing behind it, showbiz tale. I don't know. I'm kind of I like Bradley Cooper, and I'm kind of interested in seeing Lady Gaga cuz she was in cuz she was really good on American Horror Story. So it'll be interesting to see how she does in a more dramatic role., It just looks like a really good movie., So, I guess I'll be disappointed if it's not., Most definitely, sounds like one aspect is the evolution of her acting, Are there any type of movies that you dislike?, I'm not really big on documentaries. I guess occasionally maybe once in a while if It's a really good subject. But, you know, generally it's it's just about a bunch of stuff I don't care about or, you know, they are usually long and kind of often very boring. But I mean if it's something that I'm really passionate about then maybe., Is there a particular movie that you dislike?, Not really. Just you know, just sort of topics. Maybe I'm not a big fan of Michael Moore movies, I think he's a little too preachy. Not any one in specific, but just his general style of filmmaking., I can see why you wouldn't be interested in those, have you seen the shape of water, I started watching that, but I just couldn't get into it enough to finish it., I tried. I think only got maybe 30 minutes into it. It's generally the type of movie that I would like, but, What did you not enjoy about it?, I just I just couldn't get into the story. it I don't know and at the time I had a bunch of other movies to watch so, I just didn't watch it and then kind of, I went to something else. I can't remember what I did watch, but it was just moving so slow, I just couldn't couldn't get into it good enough, and then I just never went back and finished it., I think I might have seen 30 minutes of it. I might not even have been that long. It might have been more like 15. It was just kind of just a little too slow for me., The pace wasn't fast enough, I can see why it would be a little boring, Thank you for your feedback, Goodbye. What kind of movies do you like?, I really like teen movies., What is a movie you have seen recently that excited you?, [inaudible]., What did you like about it?, So I really love the cast. I know most of the cast from other projects, especially the lead guy and girl, and they were great in it. And I sort of like the message of the the lead girl in this, as well, and what they were trying to accomplish. They did it very well. And it was just enjoyable, a very cute romance, and sort of handled in a nice mature way despite it being a teen movie., It was really good., What genre do you stay away from?, Horror films, So the really scary thrillers, I can do regular thrillers, just not scary thrillers. I stay away from a good deal of sci-fi., What makes you not like horror movies?, I don't like to be scared a ton. It can cause me to have nightmares, which I'm totally uninterested in. And just in general, I just It's It's just not a good time for me., Have you seen The Incredibles 2?, I have not but that's one I would definitely see. I liked the first one., What do you think about the movie Thor?, Oh, I really liked Thor a lot., What is your favorite part about Thor?, Favorite part? I don't know. I mean, I certainly liked the action, sort of the I don't know, the superhero parts of the movie with Thor and his and his group of people from Asgard. That was a lot of fun. But I also liked the The romance between Thor and Jane was good, as well. I'm not sure which part is my favorite, though., Thank you for your input, have a great day. What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedies a lot., Why do you like comedies?, That's cuz they're entertaining and they make you feel better cuz they always make you laugh, they're just a good time., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Caddyshack is probably my favorite comedy., What did you like about candy shack?, Caddyshack I like everything about it. It has Chevy Chase, Rodney Dangerfield. It's just a really funny movie that I can watch whenever, and I'll always laugh at it., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, Comedy movie or just any movie?, any movie, Dinosaur, the Disney movie, from like 15 years ago. I hated that movie., How come you did not like it?, It was just really boring. I wasn't interested in the story at all. The only movie I almost walked out of the theater on., I see. What about the incredibles then?, I've never seen it, but I like movies like The Incredibles. I like Pixar movies, so I probably would like that., Do you like super hero movies?, Not particularly. I don't hate them, but there's too many of them now that I don't really feel like getting caught up on them. I like them sometime., what about one you enjoyed? can you tell me about it?, I like The Dark Knight a lot, the one from 2008 I think., how come?, It was just different at the time for a comic book movie cuz it took itself seriously and was more dark and serious than all the previous comic book movies from like the '80s and '90s., I see. Thanks for the input What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like musical theater movies. I like them mostly because they make me happy. They make me believe in myself, which I think is important., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, A Star Is Born, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like the story of ups and downs of an artist. I love Lady Gaga. And then I love how artistically they took it there. It gave me great inspiration., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I don't like Fast and the Furious., What do you dislike about this movie? 2 reasons please, I don't think It's not based in reality, which I can't get over, and I don't like the storytelling in how mild it is., Do you like the movie The Christmas Chronicles ?, No., What do you dislike about this movie? 2 reasons please, I don't I don't like Christmas. I also don't like fake stories that involve Christmas., Do you like the movie Hart Beat ?, No., What do you dislike about this movie? 2 reasons please, I don't like the directing, and I don't like the the costume design that was on the movie. It wasn't believable., Do you like the movie The Grinch ?, Sure., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It just was a fun experience together, and I like how it got to be happy by the end of it. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like musicals., Well, tell me why do you like musicals, They remind me to keep going on, to never believe in the impossible., how about a movie you liked?, A Star Is Born, alright, Why did you like that movie?, I connected with it on a real level that was authentic to my own story of life., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, Hmm. I did not like, Lincoln, oh, Why not?, I thought was boring., I wouldn't care to hear a story about the president., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1, Yes., I saw that. I loved it., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I like the realness of it, and it also connection to the United States government. But in a comedic or in a fantasy way., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye., Bye What type of movies do you like?, I like thriller movies., What interests you about thrillers?, It keeps the viewers engaged from beginning to end, you never know what's going to happen and it just build up a lot of emotions., Is there a thriller title that you are fond of?, I did like the movie Inception., A lot of people did enjoy that movie, what did you like about it?, I liked how there were so many symbolism in the movie. And just from the beginning until the end, my attention was fully on to the story, just trying to figure out what was happening and what was going to happen., And the actors were great., Was there anything else?, Also the music was really really good., Are there any movies that you dislike?, I'm not too fond of documentary films, What pushes you away from documentaries, I just feel like it's more of something to watch to learn instead of something to enjoy so maybe that's why I do not like watching documentaries., So you enjoy movies for entertainment and it seems that documentaries push that learning aspect, Yes, that's correct., Is there any documentaries that you do not like specifically?, I think more on conspiracy theories., Have you seen Jason Bourne?, No, I haven't., How about the Incredibles?, Yes., Did you like or dislike this movie?, I really like the movie., What did you like about it, The whole storyline and the characters, it was just it had a lot of range of emotions. Especially, a lot of funny scenes here and there and it was just very cute to watch., Thank you for that, Until next time What kind of movies do you normally watch?, horror movies, What was the last movie that you enjoyed?, Wreck-It Ralph, What made you enjoy it so much?, It was cute and funny, and it had a happy ending., What was a movie that you had recently watched that was disappointing ?, Cam, What didnt you like about it?, The ending and the twist were really stupid. It wasn't very enjoyable., Have you seen A Quiet Place?, I have., What did you enjoy about that film?, It was really scary and it really kept me focus on watching the movie. I really enjoyed it., Was there anything you didnt like about it?, Some of the things were a little far fetched but overall it was really good and really entertaining., Thank you for your input, have a nice day, You, too. What kinds of movies do you like?, I really love action movies., Well, tell me why do you like action movies, They just kind of really get my my heart pumping just really fun to watch lots of cool scenes., cool, what is your favorite movie?, I really love Transporter., alright, Why is that your favorite movie?, I really like the actor, and there's so many fun scenes, and the entire thing is just nonstop action., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I really don't like Need for Speed. Didn't really make sense to me., oh, Why not?, Just the plot was pretty bad and action scenes were kind of too over the top., Ok, then have you seen the movie Dunkirk, I have., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, Dunkirk was a masterpiece, It wasn't complete action, but it made you really feel like you were inside of the war there with the soldiers., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. Can you tell me what type of movies you like?, I like science fiction and horror movies., I also like action movies., Great. Why do you like about those kinds of movies?, With horror movies, I like the scary aspect of it. With science fiction movies, I like the setting. And for action movies, I like the fast pace of the movie., Ah, I see. What's one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies is Inception., And What did you like about that movie?, I like the concept of the movie. I like that it had a lot of action and science fiction elements interwoven into it. I also like the acting from the starring roles of the actors., Good or bad acting can make or break a movie!, I agree., Alright, now tell me about the type of movies you don't like., I don't like romantic movies or historical movies. I just find them boring and uninteresting., Is there anything in particular that bores you about them?, I just find the plots of these movies to be uneventful and not interesting at all., I see. Can you tell me a movie you've seen and didn't like?, I recently saw the movie the Black Panther. It was okay, but I didn't like it overall. It was way overhyped. I just found the acting to be stilted and not good., Aside from the acting, was there anything else you found unenjoyable?, I found the special effects to be bad., And what about the storyline?, I found the story line to be just okay., Alright., Have you seen the movie Venom?, No, I have not., Are you interested to watch it?, I Am, Great. What about Jason Bourne? Have you seen any of those?, Yes. I saw all the Jason Bourne movies., And what did you think about those?, I saw all the movies. I found them to be exciting and good to watch., aside from the element of surprise, What did you enjoy about them?, I like the explosive action and the use of practical effects., So, I enjoyed them a lot., Yes, that movie was a great action movie!, What about Mission Impossible?, Yes. I saw I saw all the Mission: Impossible movies., And what did you like about those?, I found those movies to be exciting with a lot of action, explosions, chase scenes. I just love them., Great. Well, Thanks for telling me about your movie likes and dislikes., Have a great day!, Okay. Can you tell me what types of movies you enjoy watching?, Comedies are my favorite., Alright, what's one of your favorite movies?, Dazed and Confused, That's a good one! And what was it about that movie that made it enjoyable?, The cast and the time period that it was set in, it was relatable to me., I see. Can you tell me about a movie you didn't like?, I didn't really like Black Panther., And what did you not like about that one?, It was just I don't know too weird for me I guess., Ok. Can you think of another movie you didn't like?, I didn't really care for the new Spider-Man. I guess superhero movies don't really do much for me, but yeah, I didn't really like that, either., Too much of a fantasy storyline?, Yes, it's just not believable at all., I see. Have you seen Ocean's Eight?, Yes. I had to think about that for a second. Yes, and I actually loved all of those movies. They're funny, and they The crime aspect to it is intriguing to me, entertaining., So you like a bit of mystery mixed with comedy?, Definitely., Have you seen the movie Tag?, No, I'm not familiar with that one., I think you'd enjoy the story, What about The Matrix, have you seen that one?, more than once, And that's an understatement, probably. Yeah, I've seen it quite a few times., And what do you like about those types of movies?, Just the the action and especially in The Matrix, kind of the sci-fi behind the story was very cool., It's a good storyline. And good acting too!, Definitely. Do you like movies like Star Wars?, Sure do. I like the fantasy science fiction Western mixture, the good guy versus bad guy with the light sabers instead of guns., Awesome. I agree. How about movies like the Matrix?, One of my favorites. Still every time I go see a movie, especially a science fiction or action movie, I always end up comparing it to the experience I had first time watching the original Matrix. The I love There's not anything bad about it that I've ever noticed or seen. It's, Twist at the end, the action, the science fiction, it all works for me., It set the standard for action computer graphics. Everything after that had to at least live up that the original Matrix., That's true, It changed a lot of for a long time how action scenes were shot especially with that slow motion 360 cam. Now we've kind of gone the opposite where it's like Jason Bourne movies where everything is so quick cut and you can't tell what's going on. I wish we could go back to the Matrix., What did you think about the hunger games? the action was there, as well as the CGI, I think I only saw the first two Hunger Games and they were all right. I mean they they were no matrix or anything but I could see myself if it came on cable TV you know, as they say like a rainy Saturday afternoon or something. I could watch them again. But I don't own them and, I don't look for to own them anytime soon., Awesome. Thank you so much for your input! It's been a huge help! What kinds of movies do you like?, I really like action movies., Like superhero movies., Why do you like action movies?, They're just really fun, energetic. They make me feel like, you know, I can be an action star, too. See lots of cool stunts, and usually lots of unique and cool locations., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, I really liked Transporter., Why did you like that movie?, There's a lot of really cool stunts and a lot of awesome action scenes really like heart pounding excitement., Well, is there a movie you did not like?, That action movie I didn't like. Hardcore Henry, I didn't like. I really didn't like the first person and it's just seem like a really tough violent for no reason., Ok, then have you seen the movie John Wick ?, I have. John Wick is awesome., Why did you like John Wick?, The story is really good. The characters are awesome, and there's a lot of cool themes in the movie., Ok, thank you for sharing. Good bye. What kinds of movies do you like?, I really racing movies., Well tell me why do you like racing movies?, I like cars in general and I just love the high octane, you know, high pressure situations that the movies are in and there's usually a lot of fun action scenes and, you know, car scenes, couple of explosions. It's just a lot of fun., Alright, how about a movie you liked?, I really like The Fast and the Furious movies., Why did you like that movie?, tons of interesting cars, lots of fun race scenes, and just general local scenes, Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, I really didn't like Need for Speed. It was kind of too plain and generic for me., Ok, then have you seen the movie death race?, I have, it's pretty fun. What kind of movies do you like?, Oh, you know, I like all sorts of movies. I like action films and independent films and documentaries, but especially love films by Stanley Kubrick., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, Some of the movies I grew up with, some of them because I didn't grow up with and I wanted to like them. And the ones from directors that I like, I just love the imagery and the tales that the directors tell. Yeah., I see., Can you name a particular movie you like?, Full Metal Jacket, What did you like about that movie?, Well, in beginning it has an excellent boot camp scene, half of the movie is like boot camp and it's just intense. And then the second part of it is like that they mentioned it in the film just the duality of man kind of concepts of and also the whole silliness of war almost how stupid it is., Cool., Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, I haven't watched a movie I didn't like in a while. Okay, I didn't like the Jack Ryan movie., How come you did not like it?, It didn't feel like an actual Jack Ryan film. And I say the actual Jack Ryan films referring to the Hunt for Red October, the Patriot Games, and other films like that that came out in the '80s and '90s. Jack Ryan felt really It felt like it wanted to be a Bourne film and not which is just straight up action designed for people with short attention spans., I see. How did you feel about Mission Impossible?, I don't know. Mission: Impossible, you know what you're going to get with it because you've got Tom Cruise in it, and he does know how to make a good action film. But it was really standard Hollywood fare., So it was okay. I kind of liked it., ok. how about Dumb and dumber? how'd you feel about that?, Oh, that's a stupid film. I disliked it., Definitely not the kind of movie I I enjoy., How come you did not like it?, It's It's in the title. It's Dumb and Dumber. It was a dumb movie. They just That's the kind of movie I walk out on., how come?, It's not like a smart comedy. It's more designed for It's like movie designed for teenagers, not for adult. It's just stupid., It's not a thinking film. It doesn't have anything I can think about., If I don't want to think about something, I meditate. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like I like all different kinds of movies but sometimes I like to watch boxing movies., Well, tell me why do you like boxing movies?, Cuz it's they're usually like people about people overcoming adversity and and then building to like a successful triumph., cool, what is your favorite movie?, My favorite movie is probably The Hustler., alright, Why is that your favorite movie?, It's about It's about guys who gamble while playing pool. And I like to play pool and I think gambling is an interesting subject matter for movies., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, movie that I did not like, Yeah, I I was not a fan of The Incredibles 2., oh, Why not?, I don't know. I think just didn't live up to everything I expected out of the first one. So, the first one I thought was really good and I thought this was going to be kind of like that, but it went in a little bit of a different direction., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Equalizer, The Equalizer I have not seen The Equalizer. What's that about?, Have you heard of it?, I I think I've heard the name, but I don't know what it's about., Ok, then have you seen the movie Gone Girl, Gone Girl, yes, I saw Gone Girl., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, Uh, Gone Girl you know I thought it was I thought it was interesting it kept my attention. It was a really in depth story like it had a lot it had a lot of plot twist and what not but I think that will probably be my criticism to it. It was a little bit it was a little bit too twisty. It had a little bit too many twists and turns in it. What kind of movies do you like?, I like movies with an art style, good architecture, good music, a unique story line., ok, can you think of a movie that had that?, Yes, I can. Grand Budapest Hotel, Inception, ok, Inception, what about that kind of movie do you recall liking?, I liked the music, the atmosphere, the architecture, and the story line., How about the other, I like the music, the storyline, the dialogue, the art., more specifically, what kind of things do you remember about the art?, I remember the picture being a dim color, like an orange glow to the movie in general. And that was really pleasing., and the architecture?, The hotel itself, there's a lot of mountains in a unique area that the movie took place in., great. what kinds of movies do you not like?, I do not like horror movies., well what is it about horrow you don't like?, I don't like being scared., can you tell me about the feelings you had?, Yes, scared on edge worried about what's going to happen next., what images did you think made that happen?, images of people dying, oh I see, Can you think of a horror film in particular and tell me about yur feeligns?, Sure, any of the solo franchise horror movies. I didn't like watching those people die or need to make certain choices to save their life that would hurt them., you said Saw, right?, Yes., OK. Thanks so much that is all I need! what kind of movie do you generally like, I like interesting movies. They could be action or story-driven, science fiction, anything, except romantic movies., why do you like those type of movies?, They keep my interests and I feel like I can put myself in the movie by imagining it., can you name a particular movie that fits that category, and describe a bit about why u like that kind of movie, Guardians of the Galaxy because I really enjoyed it. And the story was compelling, and I liked the characters presented., nice choice. how about a movie that you didn't necessarily like that fits that category, and why you didn't like that kind of movie, I recently actually went to see the new Lego Movie and I didn't really enjoy it, it was pretty boring., thanks for sharing. what about it was boring to you, It seems like they rehashed a storyline like they They didn't really come up with anything new. It was just the same old Whereas some sequels are a whole new story that's interesting, this just seemed like a cash grab, as they would say., ah. i understand. have you heard of the movie deadpool, Yes., have u seen it, No., how about the matrix, Yes, I love that movie., lovely. what do u like about these kinds of movies, The story line is based upon like the real world, but then it's reinvented to be something that technically is impossible. It really makes you think about your current situation and you know, the future, and just science fiction in general is very compelling and interesting. What are some kinds of movies you like?, One of my favorite kinds is action movies., Why's that?, They're The action is a lot of fun. Even though it's it's not something that you want to see in real life. It's a ton of fun on screen. They tend to be like sort of like non-stop, start to finish or great escape. And, usually if the story is good in good action movie the story is descent so if somebody getting saved, skewed or they are on some mission to help a country or whatever the case may be and it's usually something you can root for so it's a good time., That's great. What other kinds of movies do you like?, I also like Like similar to action movies, I also like superhero movies, which are a little bit different than action movies, but I do like those as well., I see. What's a movie you've seen that you really liked, One of my favorite action movies is definitely Mr. & Mrs. Smith., what's so good about it that it's your favorite?, That's one that has excellent cast, really great acting, and it's one that pairs action and comedy really well. Some All the great things that you get of action movie, you know, the action, the whatever, the fighting, that those kinds of scenes that are very exciting, but also they do such a great job with the comedy. So, it's a really entertaining movie from start to finish. But, It's not all highly charged. There's a There's a a lot of levity, a lot of laughter, throughout., That sounds fun! Now, switching gears, what kinds of movies do you dislike?, I don't really like sci-fi movies., Why not? Aren't they very popular?, Sci-Fi movies are very popular. For me, Sci-Fi can be a little too high concept. And it's not always well thought out or well executed. There's a lot of times where I watch a Sci-Fi, and I'll think this doesn't make much sense. And so, it's hard to like something when it doesn't really sort of carry through on whatever claim it's making in the beginning. Sci-Fi really struggles with that. So, if they do it well, okay, that's pretty reasonable. So what's a movie you've seen that you disliked?, Like The Thirteenth Floor was not a good one. That's one where the concept Like till this day I still don't understand what they were trying to do. So It was interesting, it was a very good cast, it was a well acted movie, but the concept and what they were going for was so confusing. And it wasn't confusing the entire, movie, but it was confusing probably midway through till the end so that when you're done with the movie, you're looking at the person next you thinking do you understand what just happened cuz I did I don't I didn't get it. And and that's one where I've talked to other people who saw and they're like I didn't get it either. So, it's just the confusion that comes with sci-fi. It ends up not being the best movie going experience because I guess it does great conversation, but it's not great to, our conversation when we're all wondering what they were trying to go for, cuz they didn't pull it off very well., So it's important for you to get movies so you can talk about them afterwords?, It's good if you can talk about them afterwards, but it is just important to get it, so that it's sort of a satisfying movie-going experience, rather than a confusing one. You want to go to the movies, enjoy it, and be happy you went, instead of thinking, "I could've stayed home for all that., I see. Now I"m curious if you have seen or heard of Avengers Age of Ultron, I have not seen it, but I have heard of it. It's one that I would watch. I've watched Avengers movies before. Like I said, I do like superhero movies. But the Avengers movies are not my favorite. They have so many characters, and so much going on, that while it can be mostly entertaining, it's usually just a lot it's just a lot going on. And it's just It's okay. It's just not my first choice., I see. Thank you., You're welcome., I've got one more question if that's okay?, Sure., Have you seen or heard of Holmes and Watson?, Yes. I have as long as I have the second movie in the series. Yes, I've seen it., I didn't know it was a series. What did you think of it?, It wasn't as good as the first one, but in general it's a really good paring between Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law, that really works. And he's a great as Sherlock Holmes, and it has a good feel for it. The comedic tone is great. The I would say the biggest problem with the movie in general is just it's script isn't as good as the first one. So, maybe they need, like take more time to really come up with a good story that presents well on-screen. But you can still come away liking the movie because the characters are enjoyable. What type of movies do you like?, I like crime-drama movies., whys that?, I just like the stories. I like the action that comes from them. I like the I guess I like the criminal elements., What is one of your favorite movies?, Godfather, why the godfather? because it's a classic?, Yeah, that's a good reason. It's a It's a classic movie. It's, I mean, there's still many great things about it. It has great acting, there's great writing, good great directing., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, a movie I don't like I don't like a lot of chick flicks. I don't like, see I don't like the movie, How about, Freaky Friday, why?, I just don't really care too much for the subject., I I I think that they're unnecessary movies. They're usually not not funny and they don't really have good stories., okay. Have you heard of the movie coco?, I don't think so., what about the movie star wars?, The first one, there's a lot of I like the whole pretty much almost all of the Star Wars movies that, so i'm guessing you're a big fan?, Yeah, I'm a fan of Star Wars., what do you think of the newer movies?, I think that they are not as good as the originals, but better than the one of them that was made in the early 2000's. The prequel, I guess. They are better than the prequels., okay. thanks what kind of movies do you like?, Oh, I really enjoy a good sports movie., what do you enjoy about them?, I like the the sports factor. Makes it feel relatable and more real to me. I guess I can put myself in the characters better., can you name a movie that you really liked?, Yeah. Have you ever watched Rocky?, It's about a small-time boxer from Philadelphia, which is in the area that I live, that that goes to be world champion. Pretty much a rags-to-riches story., nice. what did you like about it?, It felt realistic. They used scenery that's familiar to me. It was also not too heavy on technicalities. Like it really had a good story, and the boxing was well put together. In the the movie, it felt real., how about movies that you don't like, can you tell me more about them?, I don't particularly like romance movies. They bore me to death., why is that?, I just don't like the story lines in them, and they just don't hold my attention for a long time. They just They're just boring to me., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, If I think of that sports movie, it was a really bad movie called Blades of Glory which was with, Two ice skater are competing. It was supposed to be a comedy. It was really bad. It was with Will Ferrell, who is usually a good actor. But it just was stupid., what did you dislike about this movie?, it It felt It felt more like comedy not a sports movie, and it wasn't really realistic. And watching two guys ride around the ice in tight spandex wasn't my idea of a good time., have you seen die hard?, Oh yeah, I've seen Die Hard. I think everybody's seen Die Hard. It's a Christmas tradition almost and yeah, I've seen it., did you like it?, Yeah, it was a great action movie. Bruce Willis was a great actor. It was just a good movie. It That's It was just clearly well-directed and you know well acted. What kind of movies do you normally watch?, psychological thrillers, What was a movie that you last watched that you enjoyed?, Jaws, What did you most enjoy about Jaws?, the characters, What was a movie that you have seen that was disappointing?, Indiana Jones, and the, Crystal skull, I forget the full name of it., Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, What did you not like about it?, In the beginning there's a spot where Indiana Jones gets on a nuclear test site and a nuclear bomb is set off and he goes into a refrigerator to protect himself. There's a lot of ridiculous things in Indiana Jones movies, but that just seemed really ridiculous to me., Have you seen Split?, No., Have you seen The Purge?, No, I haven't seen it., Have you seen Enders Game?, I don't think I've heard of that movie., Thank you for your input, have a nice day What kind of movies do you not like?, I don't like horror movies, and I don't like drama movies., Why do you not like Horror movies?, I find they're often too predictable and too cliche. Usually, the plots are really similar which is that there is something scary, nobody knows about it, but it's killing people or terrorizing people or something. And then they figure it and they usually they end up beating it or locking it away or whatever it is that ends up happening to it., What kind of movies do you like the most?, It's a toss-up between comedy and war movies., What was the last movie that you watched that disappointed you, Deadpool, What didnt you like about Deadpool?, I just didn't really find it all that funny. It felt a bit overrated to me. People made a much bigger deal about it than than I thought it was worth. I also don't really get into the whole comic book thing, anyways., Have you seen Mile 22?, No, I have not., Have you seen Fight Club?, No, I haven't., Have you seen Pulp Fiction?, Yes, I did not like that movie., What did you like about the movie?, I didn't like it. I didn't really find anything about it entertaining. It just I don't know. It kind of bored me, honestly., Thank you for your input, have a nice day, Thank you. What kind of movies do you like?, I like science fiction movies., Why do you like those kinds of movies?, I don't know, because they're very imaginative and, Can you name a particular movie you like?, explore different parts of the mind, and conscience, and reality that we really haven't never experienced before, and they're very entertaining., My favorite movie would be Friday the 13th., What did you like about that movie?, character creation The main character of the movie, Jason Bohis, is a I don't know. He is a very recent character and he kills a lot of people in the movie and, I enjoyed it so much. I bet I'd watch that movie 150 times. I mean I really loved that movie, and I loved everything about it. I liked the part with the girls, at the camp, he is always trying to get them and the counselors, It's goes on and on., I see Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, Well, a movie I don't like? I don't like Star Trek. I really don't like Star Trek. It's one of the worst movies ever made., How come you did not like it?, The characters, they did not know how to act. They were cheap actors than what we were paid., Did you like wonder woman?, Yes, Wonder Woman was very good. I love Wonder Woman, its one of the top movies last year., Do you like super hero movies?, Yes, I love superhero movies., I sure do., what do you like about them?, I don't know, all the amazing powers that all the superheroes have and how they can always stop the villains by the end of the movie. And the villains are very good, too., thank you for your input What kind of movies do you like?, Thrillers, action, political thrillers, action movies like Die Hard or The Matrix, Sci-Fi movies, things like that., Great. Can you give me a movie you really liked?, Well, let's go with The Matrix., what did you like about it?, I liked the It has a lot of the things I like in it. Action, has a pretty heavy sci-fi bent to it. There's just a little bit of religious subtext. But mostly it's the action and the storytelling I thought were very good., Okay, Now can you give me a movie you didn't like?, Recently or any time?, anytime, Let's go with I think it's called Spartan. And it's my least favorite movie of seeing. It's by David Mamet who I had normally kind of like, but he the movie is just preposterous and badly written and it made me laugh. When I watched genre, it's meant it's not a comedy. It's the only movie I've ever done that., got it, Well Yeah., Did you like Night School?, I didn't see it. I probably would be fine with it. I don't know how how much I would like it, but the trailer look okay., Okay, how about A Star is Born?, Haven't seen it. I like the songs that are in it, only some of them that I've listened to., okay, how about Black Panther?, I liked it. I don't think I didn't like it as much as everybody else, apparently. But I thought it was right up there with the rest of the Marvel movies., is there something particular about this type of movie you like?, About Black Panther? Probably just what everybody else would like the action. It's character it's I will give it credit in that it is a different because of centered around a black superhero, and it took place in Africa, the cultures there and everything that It did feel different in that way., yes, And I like seeing that on the screen, but And the action of the movie was very very good, as well. Except for the last fight. I thought the CGI was not very good. But the rest of the stuff I liked. And I like the characters that they introduced, especially the sister. I thought she was pretty funny and charming., ok thanks, how about insurgent?, Insurgent I don't think I've seen that cuz I'm not sure what it is or I'm not familiar with it., no problem, how about Deadpool?, One or two? I've seen either one, or both of them., okay, did you like them?, I liked 1 I think a little bit more than 2. I'm not sure if I like three just coz it seems their humor seems to I think it gets old pretty quickly, but it is very much different. And I I like the Naked Guns movies and the to an extend the Scary Movies. I like to think 1 and 2 Scary Movies though I like a little parody, of either movies or a genre of movies, and I think Deadpool does a really good job of lampooning super hero movies while also still telling a super hero movie which is very hard thing to do to get that those tunes correct. And I think it does pretty well so But I'm not sure if that kind of immature humor if I'll like it throw that in that, okay. thank you for your time, You're welcome. Goodbye. What type of movies do you like?, I like action and science fiction movies and, oh, some drama., What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies ever is Blade Runner., the old one?, Yes. The new one's good, too, but the original was really good., What type of movies do you not like?, Well, I'm not really fond of romance and, A lot of comedies don't really, Do anything for me., so a lot of comedies aren't funny for you?, No, some of them are, but generally speaking, I avoid them because I don't find them very funny, or entertaining, have you seen the movie Die Hard?, Yes, I have. I liked that one, too. I liked all the Die Hard movies., What did you like about this kind of movie?, Well, they are suspenseful. There's actually some humor in the, too. Well, it's often kind of dark human but it's exciting. I keep my attention., what about the movie the matrix?, Yes, I really like The Matrix all three of them were great., What did you like about this kind of movie?, Well, it's futuristic, sci-fi, and there's a lot of action, and it was thought-provoking, as well., okay. thank you what kind of movies do u enjoy?, I enjoy Marvel movies. I like action movies. I also like romance movies, as well., can u name a movie that fits that category that u liked?, The Avengers, what qualities about the avengers did u enjoy?, I liked the large cast of known actors, I liked the action in it and I liked the story line., can u now name a movie u didn't like that is action, romance, or a marvel film?, I didn't like the movie., It's, Isn't It Romantic, I believe it's called., what about it didn't work in your opinion?, The plot of the movie was kind of dumb. It didn't highlight key features, and it was really boring., thanks for sharing. this is a bit of a tangent, but have u watched deadpool, Yes, I have., did u like it?, Yes, I loved it., what was great about it?, I love the comedy in it. The romance story was funny. And it being a Marvel movie, it really made it stand out to me. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I really like slapstick comedies and I don't know. I just always since I've been a little kid, thought that silly movies like that have been really funny., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Happy Gilmore, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Even though I'm not a huge Adam Sandler fan he's pretty good in it and I like golf so it's got a lot going for it., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, The Shape of Water, What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., It was just too far out there. Even though I like sci-fi, it was just too much of a stretch, and not really big on like romance movies, so it's Yeah., Do you like the movie Ant-Man?, Yeah, Ant Man is good., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I think that superhero movies are cool because it kind of lets you live in that fantasy world, and the Ant-Man universe is really cool with the him being small., Do you like the movie The Dark Knight Rises?, Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It's dark. It has really good action. The pace of the story's really cool., Do you like the movie Thor: The Dark World?, I haven't seen that one yet., Have you heard of this movie?, I've heard of that one, yeah. There's so many Marvel Marvel movies, I get kind of lost in them. But yes, I have heard of that., Would you go see it?, Yeah, I'd watch it., Do you like the movie Mission: Impossible?, It's okay if you're talking about the Tom Cruise. It Yeah, I'm not really a big fan of Tom Cruise, though., Neither am I. what 2 things do you dislike about this movie?, Mostly the the cast and I'm not really big on remakes. I know that was a TV show I guess, but yeah., Well, I really can't think of anything, The title is kind of dumb. I don't know, if it's impossible, why would they even try the mission., what do you think of the plot?, It's okay. I mean, all those kind of spy type movies are believable, and it's not really my thing anyway. I do like action, but those are usually so unbelievable that I can't really get into them., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I like comedies. I like comedies because they let me escape the reality. They make me believe more in a dream that I need., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, I like Bridesmaids., What did you like about that kind of film?, how like fun it is. It like gave the brothers, Like a interesting tale together as well as I like the chemistry between them., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, I don't enjoy Lincoln., What didn't you like about that kind of film?, I didn't I didn't like how it was kind of like random and I didn't believe anything that was going on in the movie., Have you heard about the movie Crazy Rich Asians?, Yes., Have you already seen the movie?, Yes, I have., Did you enjoy this film?, Yeah, I loved it., What did you like about that kind of movie?, I like the inclusiveness of the differences and I just like how it made me feel connected in spiritual., Until next time, Thank you. What kind of movies do you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, Comedies, I like to laugh., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Liar, Liar, Jim Carrey was really funny., I agree., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like Jim Carrey in the movie. He's funny. Also, it has a good message of lying is bad., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I can't think of anything., please try to recall the last movie that turned you off, [inaudible], What do you dislike about this movie? please give me 2 reasons., It was too gory. I couldn't get into the movie. Made me feel sick., Do you like the movie Star Wars?, Yes, although it's been a while since I've seen it., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, The characters and the space setting, Do you like the movie X-Men: Apocalypse?, I've never seen it., Have you heard of this movie?, I have heard of it., Would you go see it?, Probably not., Do you like the movie Death Race 4: Beyond Anarchy ?, I've never heard of it., Do you like the movie Finding Nemo?, It has been a long time since I've seen it, but I remember liking it., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I liked the animation and the characters., Do you like the movie One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ?, Yes., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It has been a while since I've seen it. But but I liked Jack Nicholson and other characters in the movie., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I generally like action and drama movies., ok, what about those types of movies do you like?, Well, I like something that's very entertaining and exciting for the most part and I also like stories that are very immersive, so that's where the drama part comes in., got it, can you name a specific film you really enjoyed?, ok, what about it did you like?, I feel like the characters was very relatable. The story was interesting. CGI was impressive. It was just all around a great movie., got it, can you name types of movies you don't like?, I'm not a big fan of comedy., ok, why don't you like comedy movies?, I feel like comedy movies are very hit or miss. Sometimes humor just doesn't work for me. And I often find myself not really laughing during the movie, so that's why I dislike the genre., ok, can you name a specific film you didn't like?, I remember seeing Epic Movie a long time ago and it was just awful. I have no idea why I saw it, I saw it with some friends, and that really just put me off in terms of comedies., got it, can you tell me have you watched jurrasic world?, Yes, I have., what did you think about the movie?, I liked it. It was very entertaining at the time. And I thought it was going to be terrible just for the fact that they were making a sequel, and I just wasn't didn't have very high expectations going into it. But by the end of the movie, I felt it was pretty entertaining for the most part, and I didn't feel like I wasted my time watching it. Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, One of my favorite movies is The Avengers., What is it about this type of movie that you like?, I like Sci-Fi action films with heroes that I grew up with as a child., What else?, I like seeing the huge battle scenes and the CGI effects., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, I dislike the movie Forrest Gump., What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, It's too long and slow for my taste., Can you tell me more about that please?, I just felt like the characters were boring, and for watching them for 2 hours on a screen felt like a waste., Have you watched the movie Dunkirk ?, No, I haven't., what about Whiplash?, No., how about Reservoir Dogs ?, Yes, but I don't remember it too much., as far as what you remember did you like watching the movie, Yes, I thought it was pretty good. The actors were pretty good in it., What else?, And I thought it was suspenseful and had some twist., Have you watched the movie The Shape of Water, No, not yet, but I look forward to watching it., what about Spotlight, No, I haven't., how about The Heist, Nope., Goodfellas, Yes., did you like it, I loved it., What is it about this kind of movie that you like the most?, I enjoy watching Mafia mob films., Anything else?, The characters were portrayed realistically., Alright. Thank you for the information., You're welcome., Until next time, bye What type of movies do you like?, My favorite are science fiction or action., what do you like about this genre?, This. Usually, it's in space or it has to do with the future or a different world in a scientific setting. Well, not scientific setting, but with some kind of science-based reality., so you like technology and science?, Sure. I like in Science Fiction it's, Its off It's based off science, but not, As far as we know, that not real., nice! is there any particular movie that you've liked a lot?, One of favorite movie Well, one of my favorite movies anyway is the original Star Wars., cool. what do you like about this movie?, Well, created a world completely different universe that's similar to ours, but not and have a bunch of, You know robots, and lasers, and spaceships and stuff like that but in the end it was actually universe much like our own., how about the movies that you don't like, can you tell me more about them?, I don't like comedies very much because I generally find their sense of humor and mine usually don't align. Romantic comedies are a complete waste of film to me., I just don't find them particularly appealing or funny. They are just slapstick comedy that I just I guess I get it. I just don't think it's that funny., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, Sure. Movie I didn't like was, Actually, let me think of one I I guess give me a second here. I would say a movie I didn't like was, Oh, Panic Room. I didn't really like Panic Room., what did you dislike about it?, It took a 30 minutes story and turned it into like 2 hours. It wasn't It's pretty predictable. I like Jodie Foster, thought she did a good job. Over all, I found the plot to be completely unrealistic and Forest Whitaker was okay, too. But I don't know, there is something about the whole movie just rubbed me the wrong way., so you like stories that are more authentic, Maybe, I don't know. Like yeah, authentic to itself not doesn't have like I like a lot of science fiction is not authentic but, yes, authentic to itself, sure., have you seen The Matrix?, Yes., do you like this movie?, Oh, Matrix. Yes, I really did. I liked the Matrix a lot. Especially the first one, the first one was really good., what did you like about it? What kind of movies do you like?, I like action, and comedy movies, and drama movies the most., cool can you tell me what about those movies you like?, With comedies, I like to laugh and enjoy it with other people, and then dramas, if if it's a good story line and it's suspenseful, that's what I like about it. And if if there's good actors and actresses in the movie., interesting, have you seen game night?, No, I have not., ok how about The Scorpion King: Book of Souls, No, I have not., Kingsman: The Secret Service, Yes. I saw the first one., do you like that kind of movie?, Yeah. I liked it. It was pretty good., tell me why, It had some comedy in it, and it had a pretty good story line, pretty good action scenes, and it was a pretty good movie, and good acting., what movies do you not like?, I don't like I don't like horror movies., I see., why is that?, Coz I don't like being scared and feeling bad., is there a particular movie you remember?, Back in high school when we watched the ring., what was it about that type you didn't like?, It was weird, dark, and freaky when the girl walked out of a TV., gotcha, that's all, Thanks. Cool. hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I like comedies., okay. Why do you like comedies?, Because they make Because they are fun they are fun to watch and that makes me laugh., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Ghostbusters, what did you like about Ghostbusters?, The acting was very good, and it was just a very funny movie. There was a lot of physical comedy, which I really like., do you like movies like Bridesmaids?, I love Bridesmaids. It's a very funny movie., What type of movies do you not like? ., I don't like scary movies., is it because you don't like being scared?, do you like movies like Thor?, No, they're a little bit That's too much action for me. I'm looking for something a little bit lighter entertainment., okay. thank you, See you later Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, Hi. I like really really hysterical comedies., Why do you like them?, Well, mainly cuz they make me laugh, and I appreciate witty script writing., Can you name a particular comedy that you like?, Yes, I like Zoolander., what is it about zoolander that you like?, I like how it's a spoof on the fashion industry, and I think that the lead actors in it are hysterical., can you name a movie that you dislike, I didn't like the Saw movies., what is it about them that you dislike, They were super scary., anything else?, They gave me bad dreams., Do you like Jurassic World, I haven't seen that one, oh wait. No, I Yeah, I have, yeah, and I liked it., Can you give me a couple of things you like about it?, I like Christ Pratt and I like dinosaur movies., besides Chris Pratt, what are the specifics about the movie you like?, I like the dinosaurs, and I thought it was funny too, and there is a lot of excitement., do you like or dislike Thor?, I haven't seen Thor., How about Reservoir Dogs?, That was a good one., what are the two things that you like about Reservoir Dogs, The plot was very original, and the I like the way the story kind of referred back to like older films like from the '70s and stuff like that., Thank you very much. Good bye. what are some movie genres that u like?, I like thrillers, sci-fi, and some comedies., why do you like sci fi movies?, I kind of like it because it you know takes you to a different place. I wish some of the worlds were actually like that., i see, What is one of your favorite movies?, One of my favorite movies would be Star Wars., what do you think of the new star wars films that are being released, First, I was skeptical. I didn't really like the first new one. But since then, I think that they're pretty awesome. I really like the Han Solo., What type of movies do you not like?, I like most movies. I'm not really Rom-coms are my least favorite., why's that?, I don't know. They're kind of boring. I like some of them, but unless I'm with a girlfriend, I don't really like them., have you seen the movie Now You See Me?, Yes, I have seen that movie., what did you like or dislike about this kind of movie?, I enjoyed it. I like magic. Magic's cool. The lead character was kind of cool., I was a fan of the ending., did you like the 1st one or the sequel better?, I only saw the first one., have you seen the movie the imitation game?, I have not., what about john wick?, I've seen John Wick. Yes., what did you like about this kind of movie?, What did you like about this kind of movie? That it had a lot of action in it and Keanu Reeves is pretty pretty awesome in it., okay. thanks. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like animated movies., tell me why do you like animated movies, Because it brings out the kid inside of me., cool, what is a movie you liked, Toy Story 3, and why did you like that movie, I like this movie because it was a continuation of of where the first and second movie left left off. It's about a story of It's about a story about a a boy who deserts his toys. He doesn't want to play with his toys anymore. And And all of his toys go back goes back to a go back to a place where it isn't too pleasant, like a day care center., So overcoming the obstacles and reuniting with and the toys reuniting with the with with its family., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like?, I did not like 101 Dalmatians the the movie., oh, Why not?, because I don't really like the characters in it. I didn't really like the topics talking about dogs, and, It was about dogs and something like that and I'm not really a dog person., Ok, then have you seen the movie Ice Age, Ice Age, no. I haven't seen that movie., have you heard of it?, No, I haven't. I've heard of it. Yeah, I've heard of Ice Age before, but I've never seen it., Ok, then have you seen the movie Thor: Ragnarok, Yes, I have seen that movie. I love I like his superpowers and how he's trying to conquer evil, and, Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I like action, thrillers, mystery, Some horror, maybe., ok. great. why do you like thrillers?, I don't know. They get the adrenaline pumping and it kind of has a puzzle to it you try to figure out, so those are two things I enjoy, I guess., And I like story, so they usually have pretty good stories., do you like the movie gone girl?, Yeah. It, I won't say it's one of my favorite movies, but it's I enjoy watching it, and I didn't hate it or anything. And I like that it was it kind of was a different thriller or at least took the tropes of the thriller genre and flipped it a little bit and you weren't really sure what you are watching sometimes., I see. Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Well, in the same category, I would say Seven, which, I think, has the best ending of or one of the best endings of any movie and is one of the better paced movies. It's I anytime it's on it just propels you to finish watching it and also, the story is very engaging, I think., And it has a little bit of horror aspect to it., What type of movies do you not like?, Maybe Well sticking within that kind of horror thriller thing is movies like torture movies, like Hostel or I can't think of Maybe cabin in the No, not Cabin in the Woods. Cabin Fever, is that one? Something like that, where But Hostel, where people are getting like their bodies mutilated and stuff. I don't like that stuff, okay. thanks, Mhm. Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, Hi. I really like the comedies and documentaries., Me too. Why do you like this kind of movie?, I find both of them entertaining in different ways. I think I really like things that make me laugh. I want to be in a good mood most of the time, and documentaries can be sad, but they're very informative, and I learn a lot about how other people live, so that's why I like those., Can you name a particular documentary that you like?, The one I This one that I really liked was Going Clear, about Scientology. I also really liked Thirteen., What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, I liked that I learned a lot about systems in the US and how they can oppress people, and the effects that they have on families and Really both of them were about people who felt imprisoned in multiple ways, and you could see like how that affects them, and how they It's hard for them to relate to other people., Was this the movie going clear or the movie 13?, Actually, honestly both of them. But probably the closest one was 13th, since that is about prison the prison system in the US., thank you for clarifying. Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Oh man, I think the movie I hated the most was The Man Who Fell to Earth. That's the one that stars David Bowie, and it's from the '70s., What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, Number one was way too long and number two the sex scenes were really worrying., Do you like the movie The Shape of Water?, I've actually never seen it., Do you like the movie The Heist?, I haven't seen that one either actually, although I think I probably would like it cuz I tend to like movies about Iced about people who get together to steal things., Do you like the movie Hunger Games?, That I did. I I saw that and I Yeah. I really liked it. I thought it had a lot of action in it, and I think Jennifer Lawrence did a good job as the heroine., Last question: can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Hunger Games? I liked it because I liked the I think I think they did a good job of like setting up the world that it was set in. It was very It felt realistic. It felt natural. Like I felt the choices people made were natural given the circumstances. The costuming was really great. And I thought the acting was really good. I you know You wouldn't think so with that kind of movie, like it's very It's action-oriented, so they're going to emphasize that more, but I thought the acting was compelling. I think Jennifer, Thank you for your most insightful feedback. Good night., Thank you. Hello. What kind of movies do you like?, I like romantic comedies a lot., Why do you like this kind of movie?, I really love comedies, so I like the aspect that it's you know, funny, lighthearted, but I also love romances, so the combination is great. You basically get a happy ending in all of the movies, and it's usually just a feel good movie. It's a good time, and it's a nice escape., Can you name a particular romantic comedy that you like?, Sure, like The Holiday is one of my absolute favorites., What are the 2 things that you like about this movie?, The cast of the movie is fantastic, like couldn't have been better, and it's Jude Law and Cameron Diaz and it just It's It's It's so good. And the The The script The storyline of the whole movie is so well done. It's so well written, but it's also It's much more original, than we usually get in a romantic comedy. It has two love stories in it, not one. It has some unexpected heartwarming aspects to it involving other characters, as well. It's just a delight., Can you name a movie that you dislike?, A romantic comedy that I dislike?, Thou Be True, it's terrible., What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?, It was So part of the problem was how it was billed. It was billed as a romantic comedy. That's how they advertised it, that's how they showed it, and that's how they acted like it was going to be when they started the movie. But it was really more of a gross out comedy, which was kind of popular at the time, I guess. And So you went in expecting a romantic comedy, and you What was really happening was sort of like taking comedy to the extreme in a very, funny and sort of gross out juvenile manner. It was a mess. The second thing I really hate about it really the lead actor. Gerard Butler is sorely miscast. He just is not good for romantic comedies at all. He doesn't pull off any aspect of what you want out of a romantic He's not like good at lighthearted. He's not funny. And I guess he's good looking, but it doesn't really, It's not like that in a handsome way I guess., Other than the casting of Gerald Butler, can you name a third reason?, Sure. Just in general, the movie itself is poorly written. It's like it was, I guess, I think probably trying too hard to be too many things, it certainly wasn't a romantic comedy and it was written in a way that one, I didn't laugh once, and two, the comedy they were going for was a wrong kind of comedy for romantic comedy., Do you like the movie Black Klansman?, Oh, I haven't seen that yet, but that's That's got to be a good one., Do you like the movie Spotlight?, I mean it's an excellent film, it's not something that I would re-watch again but it's an important film and really well done., Can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, It is, a really good ensemble cast. Sometimes it's hard to do an ensemble movie because there could be weak links throughout the cast, but this is one that is all around solid and the screenplay is exceptional. It is really well written, really well done and really captures the the true story that it was writing about and the, And it pulls off what they were trying to accomplish in terms of capturing the importance of a story that they needed to tell., Do you like the movie Jurassic World?, I haven't see it, but I But that kind of movie is okay. I have seen the original Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park 2. And i do like the general feel of them, but those can tend to be a bit scary too, so I'm not sure if Jurassic World would be good for me, but I would see it., Last question: can you give a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like action movies, and it's basically an action movie, so it has that sort of aspect of being exciting and kind of edge of your seat and you know, keeping you going from start to finish, so that's good. And then I do like the cast that they have in Jurassic World. I think they sort of I think they nailed it for sort of that sort of summer block, so that's always great, and all of the Jurassic Park movies have fantastic visual effects, so it's a big budget movie. But it's big budget for a reason, they really get the feel of the dinosaurs and everything is so much more realistic than you'd think. And it really helps to carry off what they're going for in a movie., Thank you. You give the best critiques! Good night., Good night. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like, action movies a lot. And I do like comedies., Fancy stuff is pretty good sometimes, and I like documentaries, but it depends on the subject., What draws you to those kinds of movies?, the characters who Actors that play the characters. The plot of the movie, what the movie's about. If I'd know If the reviews are good, I'll probably check it out. If it's something I've been wanting to watch since forever, I'll check it out. If it's a continuation of a trilogy, I'll watch it or if it's a continuation of a series, I'll watch the movie like, the Fast and the Furious, I see. And what kinds of movies do you avoid or dislike?, I usually avoid movies that are badly reviewed that I or that I know that are, aren't my style like what I like to watch For example, I don't like watching horror movies with thrillers. I said that the reviews., Probably movies that I know that are not get entertaining me entertain me for the 1 or 2 and 1/2-hour mark., Okay. And why do you avoid that kind of movie?, I usually avoid something that doesn't entertain me because I don't want to be bored or fall asleep in movies. Because if I wanted to fall asleep in movies, I don't want to pay $20 in movie theater or five bucks just to rent a movie and then just fall asleep. If it's like thriller or horror movie, I don't want like to be scared cuz I can get scared easily and get nightmares., real bad dreams, That's fair. Now I'm curious, what's a movie that you've seen recently that you liked?, One I've seen recently., I watched Fast 6 which was the sixth movie in the Fast & Furious the storm series., I liked it a lot when I when I watched the first time. And then like years later after I watched it the first time. I watched it recently, it was still pretty good. I still enjoy the movie the movie a lot., In that same vein, what's a movie you've seen that you disliked?, movie that I seen recently that I disliked, Last movie I see that I was dissapointed in was I can't remember., It was Justice League. That's the last movie I've seen that I was disappointed in., Why did you feel disappointed in it?, because, The CGI was bad., It's It was disappointing cuz CGI was bad. I didn't like the plot or the villain they used at the end. I wish they could have done something smaller then went up, And the cut that was in the theaters wasn't from the original director cuz he stepped out like near before re-shoots., And So, they had some other director, and they used both directors cuts which was weird., That's fair. Now given what you've said, I'm curious if you have seen or heard of Aquaman, I've heard of Aquaman. I didn't see it, but I want to because I'm a big Jason Momoa fan, and I heard it was pretty good, better than anyone expected. And the director James Wan did a pretty great job with the way the movie looks., But, I do plan on seeing it some time soon. Probably when when I'm able to rent it or buy it on Blu-ray., I see, thank you. How about Deadpool 2?, I love Deadpool 2. It's really funny. I lke how the character breaks the fourth wall and it's sort of comic book accurate. So, It was pretty interesting to watch. I didn't say it was better than the first one but it was still fun to see and I had a great time watching it., Do you like when movies are comic book accurate?, Yeah, I do. It makes, Well, I sort of do. Because if it's comic book accurate and you've read the comics, you already know what's going to happen. But when they change a little, I don't mind it. Like if they change a character to be a different race or gender, like okay, whatever. But, If it's a big thing where they change the origin story of the superhero then it's something I'll be skeptical about until I see it. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I really like romance, and comedies, and some dramas as well., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like that they're really cute and I like that they always, I like to see like keep me on the edge of my seat wanting to know who is going to end up with who, and who's going to get married to who or, you know, stuff like that., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, I really like How to Lose a Guy In 10 Days and I like let's see How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, and She's All That, and Never Been Kissed., What did you like about these movies?, I liked the actors the most, I loved Drew Barrymore and Freddy Prinze Jr. I am a '90s and early 2000s kid at heart and so I still love watching them they're just funny and sort of wholesome and just something that can you know you can watch over and over again., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't like horror movies. I don't like scary movies or action super hero movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, I just really don't like being scared. I don't like things creeping up on me, and scaring me. I don't like blood and guts, and I just really don't like fighting. The Ring, and any of The Avengers movie., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, What do you dislike about this movie?, I don't like The Avengers. I don't like all the fighting and violence that's in it., Have you seen Crazy Rich Asians, No, but we are going to watch it this weekend, and I am so excited., What interests you about this movie?, I love the actress that's on Fresh Off the Boat, the one that play Jessica who's in this movie. I don't know what her character's name in the movie is, but I think she's just so adorable., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day! what are some type of movies that you like?, I typically like the the sort of sci-fi sort of movies. Like for instance, Star Wars or any any type of like action movies or like some really like aesthetically pleasing movies. For instance, Interstellar was a really good movie. Inception I also thought was a really good movie. Movies with really good music scores are also really good on a are a really good, what did you like about inception?, I really One of the things I liked about it was like the whole like music thing about it, and then like the whole story behind it, as well. Like the way if you dream, then you It like There's more layers to your dreams, and then inside the dream, it'll be like like 100 years inside of a dream, but it's like a second in real life., how did u like the ending?, I thought the ending was pretty cool. It was also like a really big like cliffhanger that I was very surprised with. I was not expecting the whole the top to not fall over, so, It is pretty cool., ok. Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, I don't really think there are many movies that I wasn't too fond of, to be honest. I feel like most movies I thoroughly enjoy, and there aren't really any that I just that I don't really that I'm not fond of., have you heard of the movie Django Unchained?, Yes, I have. I've also watched that movie before., What did you like about this kind of movie?, I really like the action and all that like the like I really like Like the action in that movie was pretty great. And like they were some parts of it that I don't like typically because I don't really watch R-rated movies but other than like those small parts like they were some like Some of the parts were really gory and I was and I wasn't I wasn't worry about them a lot of blood and am like But, I really enjoyed like the I really enjoyed like besides the blood the the whole action thing and everything about it, and then the way it portrayed like the South back in the day., okay. thank you What kinds of movies do you like?, I like movies that are more like art house films. One of my favorite movies is The Fall. I also like horror movies and just weird movies in general., Well, tell me why do you like art house films?, I like them because usually there's a lot of symbolism and there's a lot of thought that goes into every scene usually things are there for a reason and put there for purpose unlike your typical action film that doesn't really have that., cool, what was your favorite movie again?, The Fall., alright, Why is that your favorite movie, Because I love the cinematography. It's beautifully filmed. It was filmed, I think in over 20 countries. It was filmed by a director called Tarsem Singh, if I say his name right. And I believe he financed most of it. It was sort of his pet project, and I like the story. But it's just beautifully, A particular movie, I can't think off the top of my head, but in general I'm not a huge fan of comedies. Well, actually I can think of one. I don't really care for like Superbad or movies like that., Interesting, is there a movie you do not like, oh, Why not?, I just think they're stupid, they're not that interesting to me, and they bore me. It's not my kind of comedy., Ok, then have you seen the movie The Martian, I did see that movie., What is it about this kind of movies that you like or dislike?, The Martian was a little slow, I will have to say. It wasn't terrible or anything. I like sci-fi movies, but it was just slow. It got a little boring in parts. If I was going to pick a sci-fi movie that came out around that same time period, I would've picked Interstellar. I think it had a better story and more meaning. And just was more interesting, Although, I believe the motion was more to the book and not necessarily I wouldn't say to the book, but to how it would surely be to be stuck up on more by yourself eventually., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye., Goodbye what kind of movies do you like?, I like comedy movies, I like biopics. I enjoy watching action movies with adventure. Drama movies are something new I'm getting into, also. Not so keen in liking horror movies or thrillers, though., what do you enjoy about these movies?, I enjoyed it because action movies, they have a lot of explosions and things going on at once. Comedy because I do like to laugh sometimes, even though the jokes are bad. But not as real real bad. Biopics, I like to see the life made of whoever they're making the movie about. Documentaries are good because you get to know how stuff happened during that time and what was going on with the people, can you name a particular movie that you liked?, Recently or in general?, whatever comes to your mind, I enjoyed watching Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse., nice. how about movies that you don't like, can you talk about them?, Venom, what did you dislike about it?, What I disliked about Venom was they made it a PG-13 movie when it should've been rated R. Because Venom is like the antihero. And he's he should be one that doesn't care about anything. Like he he likes to kill, and he likes to do other things. But they toned that down a lot from what everybody was expecting it to be when they first dropped the teaser trailer., have you seen avatar?, No, I have not seen Avatar. That's probably one of the movies I didn't want to see because I was on strike about watching it. hello. Can you tell me, What type of movies do you like?, I like thrillers., OK. Great. Why do you like thrillers?, cause I like to watch movies where they're not always predictable., so do you like movies like dunkirk?, That was a great movie., Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Pulp Fiction, why's that?, Cuz it was funny and it was good, and it had some really interesting characters., Do you like movies like The Matrix?, No, I think his acting is terrible., What type of movies do you not like?, Musicals mostly I guess., because they just sing everything?, Yeah, for the most part, it just doesn't seem too believable., Do you like movies like Thor?, Yeah, I thought Thor was a great movie., okay. thank you What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like the movies that are based of for the comic books. I like them because they portray a lot of good. Somebody being a hero and it's fun to see the comic books come to life. Aquaman, as one that is coming out soon. I also like Jason Momoa., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Yes. I like Spider-Man. That is good movie., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like this movie because it has really good graphics, the actors did a really good job portraying the different characters that were originally shown in the comic books. It is It's fantasy, but it's still fun. Somebody gets to be the hero. The underdog gets to be the winner. And he saves the damsel in distress., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, Brokeback Mountain, What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I dislike the actors, and I dislike the story line., Do you like the movie Captain America: Civil War ?, Yes. Captain America is a good movie., What do you like about this movie?, I like the Captain America. I used to watch him when I was a kid, cartoons growing up, so I like Captain America. And I also like the story line and, I like the fantasy. The fantasy fiction, the superhero, Here, he saves the day., Do you like the movie Red Sparrow ?, I have never heard of Red Sparrow, I don't know what that movie is., Do you like the movie Halloween ?, No, I don't like the movie. I don't like Halloween., Why do you dislike this movie? Please give 2 reasons., I do not like horror movies, and I do not like the blood and guts., Do you like the movie Jurassic World ?, Yes, I like Jurassic World., What do you like about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., I like the dinosaurs, and I like the cast. what kinds of movies do you generally enjoy?, I generally enjoy documentaries., why is that?, I like learning about new things, and I like being able to visually get that Like I like having movies, videos, whatever of the subject that I'm interested in learning about playing, because it allows me to either just sit back and relax and take in the information or do something else while I"m learning, such as working or whatever., Okay that's good to know. What about a particular movie name you liked, The Pirate Bay AFK, that was a good movie., What did you like about that movie?, I'm big into I'm big into computer culture, and I've certainly done my fair share of pirating back in the day. So, I was pretty well acquainted with The Pirate Bay. But like even though I knew what it was, and how to use it, etc, I was interested in learning about like how it came to be, what happened to it, I see. THank you. What kind of movies don't you like?, I don't really like chick flicks., Why not?, Well, I'm not a chick, so therefore they don't really appeal to me., Like usually a superficial plotline with some dramatic something or other going on, it's just not my not my cup of tea., Hm... that makes sense. Are there any upcoming films you're interested in seeing?, No, not really., Why not, what's missing from the film list for your tastes?, Something interesting. I definitely prefer more documentary style films, and I don't really ever see or hear of any new ones coming out. And I mean that aside, there's just not really much that piques my interest in movies anymore., When I want to watch a documentary, I'll look up something you know like on the subject that I want to watch it on. But that's Yeah. That's probably the extent of it., What subjects are you interested in right now?, Technology and video games, especially video games., Hm... based on what you've said i'm curious if you saw the imitation game, No, I haven't, actually., Would you consider seeing it?, What's it about?, I believe it's about the maker of the first computer, but I could be wrong, Huh. That's interesting. I I would definitely consider watching it. Could i ask u some questions about your movie preferences?, Yes, Mostly I like action science fiction movies that make you think., could u name a movie that fits that category, and tell me some things you like about that kind of movie, Like the Terminator 2 was a really good science fiction and action movie based on a possible future where robots take over. It really makes you think, actually even recently, about artificial intelligence, and how they you can replace humans., could u also tell me about a movie that fits that category that wasn't good in your opinion, and what make you dislike that kind of movie, I usually like Bruce Willis as an action star and he made a recent movie called Precious Cargo which was just bad and not well directed in the acting was just very unbelievable and I really hated it., ha ha. sorry to hear you didn't enjoy it. have you ever heard of the movie lord of the rings, Yes., have u seen it?, Yes., did you enjoy this type of movie, Yes. It is a fantasy-based, science fiction movie. I like the length of the movie, the background behind it, the characters. And also, the actors are very good. It's I would highly recommend it to anyone. What kind of movies do you tend to watch?, I enjoy superhero movies., Have you seen The Predator?, No, I haven't., Have you seen The Dark Knight?, Yes, I have., And what did you like the most about The Dark Knight?, Oh, I thought that Heath Ledger was excellent in that film and I enjoyed the direction, and I liked that it was a darker film., What is a movie that watched recently that was disappointing?, I didn't really care for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2., What made you not like that movie?, I just didn't think it was as good as the first one, and I was a little bit tired of those characters at that point., What do you think about John Wick?, I'm familiar with that title, but I haven't seen the film., Have you seen Inception?, Yes, I have seen Inception., What do you like about that movie?, I wouldn't say that I liked it. I found it to be quite confusing and convoluted., Thank you for your input, have a great day, You, too. What types of movies do you usually see?, I like action movies, thrillers, and comedies., Give me one of your top 5 movies, Die Hard, Great. Why did you like it?, It has great action. Bruce Willis is incredible, and the other actors are good, as well., Was there anything else you liked?, I really like Reginald VelJohnson., Now can you give me a movie you didn't like?, Pirates of the Caribbean, What was the worst thing about it?, The movie is corny. I don't like Johnny Depp and I don't like fantasy movies., Have you seen Crazy Rich Asians?, No., Okay. Do you want to see it?, Sure., OK. How about Eighth Grade?, I haven't seen it., ok, how about The Shape of Water, I haven't seen it and I don't really want to., why not?, Doesn't look interesting., Alright, did you see Mission Impossible?, the most recent one, sure, I have not seen it, but I want to., why do you want to see it?, I've seen also the other Mission: Impossible movies. They are good action movies and Tom Cruise is always entertaining., is there something about this type of movie that interests you?, I like Tom Cruise. I like action movies in general and the Mission: Impossible movies are usually well done and have good stunts and action sequences in them also they are entertaining to watch. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like comedies a lot., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, There is entertaining and funny, they make you feel good if you're having a bad day and it's generally entertaining., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Caddyshack's probably my favorite comedy., What did you like about this movie?, It's just one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, I always liked Billy Murray film and Chevy Chase, and they are both in it, so it's just a good movie., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Not a big fan of romantic comedies., What about these movies is unappealing?, They just all seem very similar., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, Not a romantic comedy, but I don't like The Adventures of Pluto Nash at all., What do you dislike about this movie?, It was meant to be a comedy but it wasn't funny at all. Saw it when I was 8 or something, and I didn't laugh once., Have you seen National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation, Yes, I have., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, Like I said, I like Chevy Chase, so that was good. I always like Chevy Chase in movies, and it's just a hilarious movie. And it's a Christmas movie, too. That's a good time of year, like at Christmastime, so it makes sense to watch it., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, You, too. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like romance movies and comedy movies., ok, what about those genres do you enjoy?, With romance, I really enjoy the love stories, and with comedies, I like that you can sit there enjoy yourself, or pull yourself out of a bad mood by watching something that's funny., got it, can you name a specific film you really liked?, I really like The Martian., ok, what about that movie did you like?, I liked that the main character persevered through all the issues and found a way to make it back to Earth when he was stuck on a different planet. And he really had to work to come up with ways to stay alive in order to make it back home. And there was times where many people would have given up, but he never did., got it, can you name types of movies you don't like?, I don't like horror movies., ok, what about horror movies don't you like?, I don't like to be scared. I don't like seeing scenes from movies that are scary because then when it's dark in my house or something, I picture that scene happening or something. So, I just don't like to be scared because it doesn't just end when I'm done with the movie. It keeps on going, and I keep on staying scared for years after I watch the movie., ok, can you name a movie you don't like? it doesn't have to be horror but it can be., Child's Play, got it, can you tell me have you seen the movie Titanic?, Yes., did you enjoy the movie?, Yes, I loved the movie. I thought it was really good. I did not like the ending, though. The ending was kind of a bummer when Jack died. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like all kinds of movies, to be honest. My favorites are dramas. I like a lot of international films. And anything really that I feel like I can learn something from., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I think it's probably the idea of you are you are getting a view into a different kind of life that you haven't experienced for yourself, different situations, different problems that people end up in, and also there's different cultures and religions. Things like that., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from these genres?, I can't really think of one. I've seen a few this year that were really really affecting on me. One of them was the movie Lion, was about a a boy who who got lost separated from his brother in India and then ended up on a train then end up in orphanage and then was adopted in Australia. Was a really good movie., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I'm not a big fan of comedies. Like I find humor in in things that weren't meant to be, so I'm just not a fan of structured comedy., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I was not a fan of The Last Jedi. I definitely hated it., What do you dislike about this movie?, I feel I feel like they they took a an established, Have you seen Bohemian Rhapsody, No, I have not., Have you seen The Shawshank Redemption, Yes., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I think I enjoyed just the way the struggles are presented through each character against like the the endless time that they spend in prison., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, Okay. You, too. Thanks. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like funny movies cuz they're funny., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, I like Shrek., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like it because it has this green monster that talks with this donkey, and it's funny., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I don't like Pirate of the Caribbean., What do you dislike about this movie? Please give me 2 reasons., This movie is very boring and it's it seems very childish., Do you like the movie Star Wars: The Force Awakens?, I like I like all Star Wars movies., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, Because it has battles in space and space ships and that's why it's fun to watch., He also has lasers., In the Dark Place, That's why it's It's a good movie to watch, cuz I like spaceships., Do you like the movie To All the Boys I've Loved Before?, What's What's this movie about?, Do you like the movie A Star Is Born?, Haven't watched it., Do you like the movie A Star Is Born?, I haven't watched it so I don't know about it like you know., Have you heard of this movie?, I have not heard of this movie., Do you like the movie Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation?, Mission: Impossible, that seem seems like a good movie., Would you go see it?, Yes, I will go see it., Do you like the movie Death Race 4: Beyond Anarchy?, I have not seen that movie., Have you heard of this movie?, I have not., Would you go see it?, Tell me what it's about., Do you like the movie Terminator Genisys?, Yes., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, Like this movie cause it has a lot of action in it. Shows The Terminator and robots taking over the world that's always something good to watch., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. What kind of movies do you enjoy and why?, I like science fiction movies as they tend to be very creative and interesting to watch., Is there a particular film you enjoy?, Yes, I really enjoyed Interstellar., What did you like about that film?, I thought the special effects were fantastic. Had a very involving story, good cast of characters. Just all around an excellent movie., Is there a particular movie you don't enjoy?, Yeah, I'm not a big fun of 2001 Space Odyssey., What didn't you like about the film?, I feel it's a very slow movie overall, and it's just very difficult to get in to., Have you heard about the movie Inception?, Yes, I have., Have you already seen Inception?, Yes, I have., What did you think about the film?, I thought the movie was fantastic, excellent special effects, great acting. Overall, just a must-watch movie., What did you like about that kind of movie?, I like the fact that when above and beyond in terms of special effects really pushed the the narrative pretty hard and I thought that the the actors did an excellent job., Thanks. Talk to you next time, Okay, thanks. What kinds of movies do you like?, I like science fiction., Well, tell me why do you like sci-fi?, I've always been interested in astronomy, and the planets, and the solar system, and the galaxy that we live in, and the universe in general., how about a movie you liked?, I definitely liked all the Star Trek movies., alright, Why did you like that movie?, I think the beginning of the Star Trek series with Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock was really a replay of the old Greek and Roman philosophies and the thoughts that they had back then translating to how things are the same today., Interesting, is there a movie you did not like?, I think the ones about the whales was a little over the top., Oh, how so?, It seems a little incredulous that you could fit all that water and the whales and beam them through space., Ok, then have you seen the movie Chappie?, Yes. I believe I saw the movie, Chappie, maybe 2-3 years ago., What is it about this kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I think it's, The Unknown is always interesting. It lets you think and fantasize about what might be or what could happen., Wonderful. thank you for sharing. Good bye. What kind of movies to you like, and why do you like this type of movie?, I like Disneyland movies., Can you name a particular movie that you like?, Yes, I like I like the, This movie is called The The Lion King., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like this movie because it's a interesting movie to watch. It got a lot of action in it, and this indicate a small lion growing into a a better lion., and defeating his uncle in the process., Can you name a movie that you do not like?, I don't like, I don't like Venom from this year., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you dislike this movie?, I don't like this movie because it's kind of disturbing to watch. This man gets taken over by this parasite, and the parasite's controlling everything that he does., Do you like the movie Spirited Away?, Yes, I like this movie., Can you give me a couple of reasons why you like this movie?, I like this movie because its its very scary to watch. And it shows this little girl who is lost in this weird world without her parents and how she survive survives through all of that., Do you like the movie The Wolf of Wall Street?, I have not watched it., Do you like the movie The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King?, The Lord of the Rings, yes, it's a pretty good movie., What do you like about this movie? 2 reasons please, I like this movie cuz it's a lot of magic in it. There's a lot of fighting in it, a lot of battle, lot of blood, and, I just like magic movies, so it's always fun to watch., Thank you for your feedback. Enjoy your evening. what kind of movies do u generally like watching, Generally smarter movies. I do enjoy comedies, but not too well wow., why is that, They tend to be offensive and just less intelligent., could u name a specific movie you love that fits the movie category that you do like, and what u liked about this kind of movie, I like Caddyshack., Big fan of anything Chevy Chase., what do u like about these types of movies, I like the sometimes subtle humor of Chevy Chase. It's not childish. I like that it's a little smart., ok... have you heard of the movie the greatest showman, Yes., did u watch it, No., how about guardians of the galaxy, Yes., did u see it, Yes., did u like these type of movies, Yes., Kind of., why is that, It was easy to watch, had action, and a little bit of humor, I guess. What did you like about this movie?, The action, I love the action., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Movies like horror movies scary movies I hate them. I don't like them., What about these movies is unappealing?, Which movie?, Scary movies, Yes, I don't love scary movies. I hate them., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, What do you dislike about this movie?, Mummies, I don't like mummies. I don't like It's scary. Talking people getting up from the grave., insects from their mouth I don't like it. Another example of scary movies is The Walking Dead, dead people moving around is scary. Don't you think it's scary?, I can understand why that would be scary, Yeah, so I don't like those kind of movie. I love interesting movies and action thriller movies., Have you seen Black Panther?, Wow, I loved Black Panther. Watched it, it's so wonderful. I loved the storyline. I loved, I love it so much. I love Black Panther., Thank you for your time and have a great day! Bye!, Thank you. What kinds of movies do you typically enjoy?, Mostly, I enjoy action movies and science fiction movies., what draws you to that kind of movie?, I see. and what kinds of movies do you tend to dislike or avoid?, I tend to avoid any type of romance movies or movies with a big boring story., Why do you avoid those kinds of movies?, They just don't interest me, I feel like they're boring and they're not fun to watch. They just don't speak to me., I see. So what's a movie you've seen that you really enjoyed?, Oh, boy., I really like the Back to the Future series, I think that's a great series with a good plot, science fiction, has a great story I have re-watched it many times and I still I can watch it 10 more times and not be bored., Why do you enjoy it?, Is a good balance between action story and an interesting plot and it and it just speaks to me., I see. So what's a movie you saw that you really didn't like?, Dumb and Dumber, I think it was The movie name was appropriate. Like everybody said it was really funny and, but I didn't really enjoy it., Why?, It didn't make me laugh. It felt like it was forced comedy. You know, like when you're watching a comedy, and and the jokes feel like they're they're not spontaneous., That makes sense., Okay so I'm curious. Have you seen Captain Marvel?, No, I have not., I see. What about Aquaman?, I haven't seen that either. But that's one I actually want to see for sure, because that got really good reviews from people. They said they really enjoyed it., Okay how about Solo, did you see that?, No, I did not., Why not?, I haven't really looked into newer Star Wars movies. I I really like the old ones, and I don't feel like any of the new ones can measure up to it, so I'm not really interested in ruining the story, so to speak, that I watched when I was a child and have fond memories of. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like animation., ok, what about animated movies do you like?, I've always felt like cartoons and anime movies are really kind of interesting to watch and relax to., ok, can you name a specific film you really liked?, I liked Akira. That was one of my first animes I've ever watched., ok, what about that movie did you like?, It was interesting, and like I said, it was one of the first animes I ever watched. It kind of drew me in from that alone., got it, can you name a film you disliked?, Anything with Dragon Ball. I'm not really a fan of any of that., ok, why don't you like those types of movies?, They're just not my kind of animation. I've never really been a fan of any of those series and it's just not something I really like to watch., got it, have you seen the movie inside out?, Yes., did you like that movie?, Yes, it was pretty good and funny and very cute., ok, did you think the characters were cute?, Yes, I did. Can you tell me, what type of movies do you like?, Yes, I like dramas, mysteries, and action., why do you like dramas?, I like dramas because I really like that, with your own life, Can you tell me the title of one of your favorite movies?, Yes. One of my favorite movies is A Quiet Place., what did you like about it?, Well, even though there was almost there wasn't really hardly any actual dialog the movie kept you interested. It had some very great acting in it, and it kept you on to just see what was going to happen at the end. It wasn't a typical ending., it was a twist ending?, Yes, it was unexpected, Do you like movies like The Matrix?, Yeah, I do. I like The Matrix. It's keeps you on suspense, and it's kind of out there. It's a different kind of movie., okay. what about movies like Despicable Me?, I like them. They're cute. It's a good family movie, as long as you know they're not very young. And it's humorous., What type of movies do you not like?, I do not like musicals. Do not like them at all., because they sing constantly?, Yes, and I feel like they're often kind of cheesy. What kind of movies do you like?, I like war movies., what do you like about war movies?, I like that they depict an otherwise taboo subject, like I know that Hollywood and movies in general are a bit exaggerated and they are not necessary factually correct, but they give people like me who have never seen anything like war a glimpse into what war could or does look like., I think that's pretty cool., Can you name a particular war movie you like?, Saving Private Ryan is a good one., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, That's going to be difficult., I didn't like Killer Bongs from Outer Space., How come you did not like Killer Bongs from Outer Space?, Well, it was a very very cheesy B you know B list movie or whatever it's called and I mean like, I get that that was kinda the point, but it was just so bad it was it was hard to stomach., Gotcha. Did you like Wonder Woman?, No, I've never watched it., Oh. What about The Hangover?, I think I watched it, I don't remember much about it. I don't think I minded it, but I didn't like like it enough to watch the sequels, so it's just kind of meh., that's alright. The first one was probably the only good one anyways, Yeah., How do you feel about sci fy movies?, It depends how atrocious it was, so I'd say that they are not too bad. I mean, I'm sure that probably some more serious ones might be good., Gotcha. Thanks for you input today What type of movies do you like?, I like comedy dramas., why do you like dramas?, They are interesting. They are intense. I like the varied story lines, the fiction. Sometimes it's not fiction., But there's always a surprise somewhere., What is one of your favorite movies?, Daddy's Home 2, what did you like about that movie?, I liked the actors. I liked Mark Wahlberg. I liked the family story line. I liked Will Farrell. It was funny but there was a good plot, and it had a happy ending., what did you think of the comedy?, It was really funny., Can you name me a movie you didn't like?, I don't like zombie movies., why's that?, I don't like zombies, they're not real, they're gross, they look ugly, and they just eat people., are you scared of the zombies or just hate the gore?, I hate the gore., have you heard of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2?, Yes, I have., did you like the movie?, I have not seen the movie., what about the movie The Dawn of the Planet of Apes?, Yes. I like that movie., what did you like about it?, I like how it was a role reversal and how easy humans have it, but it could be a different kind of civilization. It could be apes ruling the humans., okay. thank you What type of movies are you interested in?, Are there any specific titles that you like in this genre?, Oh sure. Matrix, Alien series, Blade Runner, those are probably the three classics or my favorite in the genre., A lot of people do regard these movies as classics, what did you find interesting about them?, Well visually they're ground breaking. Many movies try to copy them either in style or either in, The vision that they they show of the future. The stories are usually pretty simple, so So you really And it's about like world building, and you get You lose yourself in the time period or the world that they've created., You enjoy the creativity of them as well as the writing and narrative?, Yes, maybe more so than the narrative and the writing. Like usually, the narrative or writing is pretty simple, and and they let you just kind of be enveloped by the the art design and the and the setting of the and the world building that they've created., So you like the feeling of immersion into the worlds they have created?, Absolutely, I think that's the main reason that there's they are considered classics is where they do those that that type of world building better than others. Plus I think that's why people like science fiction is it's kind of like exploring or and it putting yourselves in a whole different place that you can't access in the real world., I can see why that is appealing, some people would consider those titles as a blueprint for successful science fiction films, And I think that's true that's why often times the most copied, by other films, Are there any specific movie types that you don't like?, Movie types, I don't like I guess bad versions of, in a genre like like superhero movies, I like in general, but you know, there's bad ones like Suicide Squad or Spider-Man 3, where it just kind of goes off the rails and and kind of You almost They almost make you question if you like those type of movies anymore., What did you not like particularly about those two films?, just throw them in there at last minute and kind of took away And not to mention the whole stuff with Peter Parker going dark and the famous scene of him dancing and stuff. It just seems kind of goes too far to being All those early Spider-Man movies are very campy, but that goes a little bit too far. And then Suicide Squad is just a mess. It doesn't narratively, character-wise, it just There's, There's like four beginnings I think to that movie where they introduce the characters like three or four different times, and then there's too many characters, and the story's not very good, so it's just not very good., Yes, and it was a good version of the DC movies. Movies like Suicide Squad, they struggle. I think they kind of fall into that Spider-Man thing where they throw too much at you or into their movies, and the tone is very dark, but Wonder Woman was not that. It was very kind of felt like a Marvel movie a little bit. Had a little optimism to it., Thank you for that, Mhm., Goodbye What kind of movies do you like?, I really I guess I like teen movies a lot., Do you have a specific title from this genre that you enjoy?, Probably one of my I mean a recent one that I like is The Duff. I like that a lot. In terms of like all time, She's the Man is one of my favorites. I like 10 Things I Hate About You, love that., what makes you enjoy those films ?, So, all those films have great casts. You know, teen films can be hard cos they are obviously casting younger talent, but they actually a lot of the teen firms are like have gone on to be like good actors later on. So, they are they are good choices, they are just younger before they are becoming sort of a bigger superstars. The other things about those are like 10 things I hate about you and She's the man is that those were series of movies that actually were based on Shakespeare novels, and so it's actually very clever retelling of the stories that really sort of stretched the bounds of what usually teen movie is, so it make the teen movie a little bit more complex, a little more interesting while still being funny and enjoyable so great combination., I understand why you enjoy those films. Is there any movies you dislike?, Oh. Plenty. Like a film that I hate just in general is Le Divorce, one of the worst films I've ever seen in my life., What makes you dislike that film?, It felt like we were fooled. They kind of built this sort of, like, a light-hearted sort of a comedy drama with a good cast and it was anything but. It was, I mean, outside of it just being a complete and utter mess from a story line and writing stand point, despite being based on a book., It was It honestly had aspects of a thriller in it. It was such a bad movie. And it was so far away from what they acted as if it was going to be going in. It's not even funny. Literally one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life., I understand and I see your view on this film. I see you feel mislead and it was not true to the novel., No, Not at all., Have you seen Crazy Rich Asians?, Not yet. I'm looking forward to that one., What makes you interested in that movie?, It's fantastic that they are doing a big budget, romantic comedy with Asian-American leads, it's fantastic. First time it's really ever been done and I love comedies, I love romantic comedies, so it's a good combination and I'm interested in seeing a nice diverse portrayal in the movie. And it just seems And it Listen, overall it just seems funny., The cast is great. I love the woman, the lead woman from her other projects. So, I have nothing but high hopes for that one., It seems like a lot of people are interested for the same reasons. Thank you for that, it was very helpful., See you later What kinds of movies do you like?, One of my favorite genres of movies is comedy, I also like action movies., Why do you like comedy movies?, Well, its nice to have a good laugh, and it makes me feel good, happy, joyful and care-free., Is there a movie that you like?, One of my favorite comedy movies It might be a little bit childish, but is Jim Carrey's Ace Ventura. This was back in the day during the 1990s., Why do you like that movie?, It's just full of slapstick moment goofy moments, and it's And it's Jim Carrey. He's one of the funniest actors., How about a movie you did not like?, A movie that I didn't like much it really isn't comedy but I guess it's more of a drama type movie, it was Children of Men. I I mean it got good ratings and all that, but I didn't I didn't think that it was that good., Why not?, The the story was kind of boring. The the movie didn't flow through well and I just found myself sitting there wondering what's happening or what's going to happen next then and then I didn't understand the movie so much., Well then have you seen Forest Gump?, Yes, I have seen Forrest Gump., What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?, I think Forrest Gump was was a pretty movie. It was kind of heartwarming, touching, the story about I guess you would say an underdog going through certain phases in life, and coming out to be one of the most recognized people in the US. Then at most of the times, he didn't even know what was going on, it seems like. Overall, He was sort of like a hero. Let's say an unknown Well, I wouldn't say unknown, but an accidental hero, I would say. can you tell me what types of movies you like?, I like comedy movies., ok, what about comedies do you like?, They make me laugh, they make me happy, they make me they make me feel sense of enjoyment., The movie will take take away from the stress that I maybe feeling before I watch it., got it, can you name a specific movie you really enjoyed?, The Waterboy., ok, can you name types of movies you don't like?, I don't like anime movies. I don't like I don't like anime movies. Yeah, that's one of the movies I don't like., what about animes don't you like?, It's too cartoonish, too, too kid writed, it's um, doesn't, it's geared towards kids so I don't like that, ok, can you name a specific film you didn't like. it doesn't have to be an anime but it can be if you'd like?, I I don't like Pokémon X., why didn't you like that movie?, I like that movie because, There wasn't much character building and the characters already had they've already you already know what kind of characters they were. And the plot wasn't that exciting. I didn't find the plot that exciting and I just found the movie to be dissapointing., got it, have you watched the movie ant man?, No, I haven't seen that movie., got it, have you seen the movie the dark knight?, I've seen some of it., ok, did you enjoy what you saw?, Yeah, I like the I like the visual effects. I like the I like what I saw. Yeah. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I like documentaries., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, You feel like you walk away from a movie you feeling like like you learn something. And they're also like newspapers, they grab me more cuz you know what they are talking about actually happened and it is need to see things that actually happen in the world., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Going Clear was really good., What did you like about this movie?, I've never known much about Scientology before the movie. And I watched it, and it was just interesting to see all the crazy practices they preach. And the people who left the church talking about it and how much of an evil organization it is. I just felt a lot smarter and more educated about the topic after seeing it., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, Not a big fan of comic book movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, I just don't think the stories are very engaging. Like I mean, I know like they obviously aren't true. But it's hard to even suspend disbelief for most of them, just cuz they're so ridiculous that you can't believe them. Like Batman, I can at least believe. Like Superman and anything that involves crazy other planets and stuff, I just can't invested in., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I have, maybe that I didn't like., Dinosaur was terrible, but that's not a comic book movie., What do you dislike about this movie?, It was the worst Disney movie I ever saw. Like it didn't even feel like it had a story. I remember it was like 30 minutes in, and I just wanted to walk out of the theater cuz I was so bored. And I was a little kid seeing it. I was like the target demographic., Have you seen Supersize Me, Yep, I've seen that., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, It was a good documentary. It was interesting to see I mean the idea of it just did excite me Not exciting, but interesting. Someone just going to eat McDonald's for I think it was 30 days straight and see what happens to their body afterwards. So it was just intriguing to see what actually happens., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, Thanks. what kind of movies do u generally like watching, I like action movies., why is that, It's just something fun to watch and not really have to think about sometimes., sounds good. could you name a specific movie you love that fits that category, and what you liked about this kind of movie, I really liked the movie Heat. It was a really interesting kind of cop movie. And I liked the gun battle. It's a really long gun battle., thanks for sharing. could you also name a specific movie that fits one of those categories and tell me why you didn't like that kind of movie?, I'm not a big comedy movie person. I don't like really any comedy movies really. It's just not my kind of thing., why is that, They're usually not funny. They're just made for like stupid stupid humor., ok. have you heard of the movie Wonder Woman, Yes., have you seen it, Yes., did you like this kind of movie, Yeah, I really liked Wonder Woman., why is that, It was a good movie, and I had read the comic books for a long time, so it was pretty close to the movie. It was close to the comic books, and it was just made well, what do you mean by it was made well, Good acting, good good special effects, things like that. What kind of movies do you like?, I like comedy movies., what do you like about them?, I like the I like comedy movies because they're funny. They make me laugh. The plot and dialog is interesting. It makes me really attentive to the movie, Movies such as Adam Sandler type of movies or Jim Carrey type of movies., What's your favorite comedy?, favorite comedy, uh... Billy Madison, what did you like about it?, He's He's trying to get good grades so he can inherit his father's business, and he falls in love with the with the teacher that he meets in school. And it just has romance. It has interesting characters. The plot is interesting., It was just It just has a interesting dialog. That's all., I see. Can you tell me a movie you did not like?, a movie I did not did not like, Project X I did not like Project X., how come?, I didn't like it because it didn't have It didn't have a plot to it. It was just random people It just didn't have an interesting plot that I When I watched it at a movie theater, it just had stupid things going on like, Slo-mos of girls taking off their shirts and stuff like that, and I just didn't like the slo-mos that they had. There wasn't any character development in the movie., gotcha. How do you feel about super hero movies?, Superhero movies I like them, I like them because it's usually story about good vs. evil and, And And the action is what makes me sit down at the edge of my seat because I just like the action., Did you like Green Lantern?, I did not see that movie either, How about Thor?, I saw some of it, but Yeah, I liked what I saw. Yeah, I liked like the action., Him trying to fight the evil characters., ok. Thanks for your input What type of movies do you enjoy?, I would say action movies are my favorite., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Sure. Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of my favorite movies., What did you like about this movie?, It's really a great action movie in that it is an action movie, but the rest of the movie is completely is is complete. It's not just the action scenes. So the action scenes are great and fun, and actually the One of the things the movie excels at is mixing the comedy with the action. But the acting is fantastic, direction is great, and it just gets it right. It's very watchable, very enjoyable, but also fun and exciting, Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I'm not a fan of horror films., What about these movies is unappealing?, The scariness of them, the sort of bloody gory aspect to them, it It just creeps me out, so I avoid watching them., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, not really like a Quentin Tarantino like from hell or something like that. The It's It's just too much. Too much blood, too much gore, these kind of ones that are I mean, I know they're fake, but in order for me to get through it, I have to remind myself it's fake, which sort of defeats the purpose of watching it., Have you seen Ocean's Eight, No. I have not, but that one I will be seeing., How about Inception, Yes, I've seen Inception., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, It was okay. The On the plus side, the acting is fantastic, the direction is great, and the imagery is very interesting and innovative. But on the negative side, it's entirely too confusing for its own good, and pretending otherwise is a joke. Like the people said they loved it, I asked them questions, and they couldn't explain anything. So I think it was more It was such a It was such a beautiful film to watch., The direction and all the cinematography and the special effects that I think people don't want to say they don't like it, but it's a confusing movie. Hello, can you please name one of your favourite movie?, Probably Happy Gilmore., What is it about this type of movie that you like?, It's got a lot of humor. The storyline's really good., what else?, The actors and the dialog are really rich in rewarding., Ok. now. Could you tell the name of a movie that you dislike?, Titanic, What is it about this type of movie that you dislike?, The genre is not very good and am not really interested with the story line with it., What else?, I don't really find the actors too, much to my liking, either., Okay. Have you watched the movie thor ?, I have., did you like it?, I love superhero movies., What is it about this kind of movie that you like the most?, It has a really good storyline, some humor. I like the actors in it., Anything else?, The action is really cool because it has a lot of scenes to it that are pretty engaging., Now, have you watched the movie The Godfather ?, did you like it?, I did, what is it about this kind of movie that you liked?, I like The action and the storyline are pretty engaging. They're pretty nice., Can you tell me more about that please?, I like the actors and the action that is involved in the movie., anything else?, just how it's a just a classic movie, Alright. Thank you for the information., bye What type of movies do you enjoy?, I really like comedies., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, They are funny, and light-hearted, and a true escape from like every day life. So, you can just sort of relax and enjoy. It's not a stressful thing to watch. It's ease and just fun. So, you are enjoying it., Is there a specific movie you enjoy from this genre?, Yes, since it's that time of the year, Home Alone 2 is one of my absolute favorite movies., What did you like about this movie?, It is The cast is fantastic. The writing is great. It's in endearing. It's innovative. The direction is really so perfect, and to make a child the star and be able to carry off the movie is really something special, and it's just a lot of fun. It's very funny. It's just a lot of fun., But also heartwarming, and a great Christmas tale., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I am not crazy about Sci-Fi movies., What about these movies is unappealing?, They usually have elements of like gore or horror or like zombie that I'm not crazy about in terms of they scare me usually and I just like to avoid that kind of thing. And then also a lot of them over shoot what they are doing, so they don't sort of break it down into something that turns into a good movie, they make it complicated to even bother enjoying., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, The Thirteenth Floor was not good., What do you dislike about this movie?, That was a movie that was too complicated for its own good. It was trying to be really interesting and use sort of imagery and different sort of story lines to create this sort of sci-fi world, but it ended up not making sense. It had a good cast, not a great cast, but a good cast, and they could have really tried to do something with it. But the story line really left the cast hanging, and it's just, It's not like it's not like the worst movies, but it's a bad movie because I still after all these years can't tell you what happened in that movie., Have you seen Home Alone 3?, I have., What did you enjoy or not enjoy about this movie?, I did not enjoy that movie because Home Alone the original and Home Alone 2 star Macaulay Culkin. The third stars a completely different actor who is not as charismatic as Macaulay is, so leaving the movie to just him was a problem. He could not carry off the starring role in the same way, so the first two Like almost everybody else, I consider the first two be Home Alone movies and ignore the rest., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, You, too. Thank you. can u tell me what kind of movies u like watching?, I generally go and see Sci-Fi and fantasy movies., name a movie that fits one of those categories that u thoroughly enjoyed, I really like both of the Blade Runner movies., what qualities about the blade runner movies did u like?, Well, I generally like the setting of a super future, basically, of sprawling estates. It reminds me of old cyberpunk novels and things like that. So, anything that includes that is fun to watch for me., thank u. and can u also name a movie that fits one of the categories that u didn't enjoy as much?, Well, sci-fi and fantasy's a pretty good category, big category, but I don't like what feels like children's movies, I guess like a Harry Potter type thing I wouldn't enjoy., what qualities about harry potter didn't u like?, It feels like a coming-of-age movie or something like that, and it really does not appeal to my demographic., got it, thank u. and this is a tangent, but have u seen the hobbit, I have not seen The Hobbit., hmm let's see. how about x men, Which X-Men?, any of them, Yes. I think I've seen Days of Future Past or something along the lines of that name., did u like it?, I think I enjoyed at the time. It's been a while., what about it stood out to you?, I pretty much enjoying this superhero movie., what makes a good super hero movie?, Well, I really like whenever it stays true to its source material. As long as it does that, I think I'll enjoy it. What type of movies do you enjoy?, I enjoy comedies, I enjoy fantasy, action, and dramas., What appeals to you with these type of movies?, I like when I'm able to laugh and find humor in a movie, but I also like movies that will touch me on my emotional side or keep me on the edge of my seat. I recently watched A Quiet Place, which I found to be a great movie., What did you like about this movie?, I like that it didn't have much dialog, but yet the movie was still very engaging and interesting and It was a new concept., Are there any type of movies that you don't enjoy?, I don't particularly care for musicals or horror movies that are really gory., What about these movies is unappealing?, The horror part I just I like suspense movie and I don't mind scary, but I just don't like slash awfully films that are just full of goring guts and blood. Just not my thing., Is there a specific movie that you heavily dislike?, I don't really care for the Saw movies, dislike them. I felt like they were some really gory things in it that just didn't keep my interest with the movie. So, I wanted to turn it off., Have you seen Murder on the Orient Express, I don't believe I have., Have you seen The Shape of Water, No., Have you seen Titanic, Yes, I have. Thought it was a really good movie. I enjoyed the love story in it, of course, and it was sad that the one of the main characters, the male role ended up dying in the movie, and risked his life to save his love., Thank you for your help and have a wonderful day!, Thank you. What kind of movies do you like?, I like horror movies, I like action movies and I like movies with drama., What makes you like these genres?, Is there a specific title you enjoy?, I love The Recruit., what makes you like The Recruit, I like The Recruit because of the fast pace, action, adrenaline, and the espionage that the movie has involved in it. And the way the plot is laid out., I can definitely see the appeal on that and why you'd be interested., are there any movies you dislike, I do not like comedy movies., what is your least favorite movie, My least favorite movie is any movie that's a comedy movie or a parody movie., No specific movie title because I always don't watch those., what makes you dislike comedy movies, Because I love a movie that's serious and it has a realistic view to it. I do not like movies that way it's not realistic to me and something that I cannot relate to in every day world., have you seen Jason Bourne, Yes., did you enjoy this movie, Yes, I enjoyed this movie very much., what did you enjoy about it, I enjoy the action-packed adrenaline in the movie, and I pretty much like how he had a lot of secrets about himself, and he had a special set of skills that enabled him to defend himself and to find the truth about himself, and the movie had purpose., I totally see your point of view on this movie. thank you for that., Until next time What kind of movies do you like?, I like action movies., Why do you like action movies?, I like action movies because they're fun to watch., Is there an action movie you liked?, I like the action movie Tomb Raider, Why did you like Tomb Raider?, Tomb Raider is a fun movie to watch. It's about this girl who goes into this tomb after her father finishes, and she hopes to accomplish her father's dream., ok, is there a movie you did not like?, I don't like, Friday the 13th, What is it about these kinds of movies you do not like?, It's, Friday the 13th is a scary movie. It's about this guy named Jason, and he kills a bunch of people and his cat, and just scary to watch., Ok, have you seen the movie Thor?, The movie Thor, I have not., have you then seen Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, Yes, Jurassic Kingdom. It's about this dinosaur., What is it about this movie did you like or dislike?, I like this movie because it's about genetically engineered dinosaurs and they are really smart. And this guy had to has to train them., Who doesn't like dinosaurs?, ok, thank you for sharing . good bye What kind of movies do you like?, I love romantic comedies. I love drama movies. I like suspense movies., what do you like about these kind of movies?, Well, I I usually like the acting, like how sophisticated the acting is. I like to, you know, I like the scenarios, the the plots. I enjoy the scenery in the movie, and the costumes., nice, so a good movie production catches your attention., Yes, it does., is there any particular movie that you've liked a lot?, Nothing in particular. I mean you know one of my favorite movies is Shawshank Redemption of all time., very nice, what do you like about this movie?, I just loved the the acting, how realistic it was, how suspenseful it was. It was really a very well done movie., how about the kind of movies that you don't like, can you tell me about it?, I don't like movies that have terrible acting, that just don't keep my attention, that are boring, that, that just not not have any comedy or anything in them., so you don't like movies that are too serious?, Right. I don't like serious movies at all., can you name a movie that you didn't like?, Let me give you one of them., say, Let me see. I really didn't like this movie., Plan 9 from Outer Space, it was just a silly movie., It's like one of the worst movies of all time., what didn't you like about this movie?, Oh, just that the acting was terrible and it was not realistic and and just like Just the worst. It was just so poorly acted, you know, that And the props were not very realistic., you didn't think it was convincing?, Not at all., have you seen Gone Girl?, No, I have not seen Gone Girl., how about Avatar?, I've seen Avatar., did you like it?, I did, Avatar was very well done., what did you like about it?, I liked the costuming, I liked the how realistic it was considering it's like science fiction, it was very well done overall., nice, it definitely was a big production, Totally huge, yes.

